---
title: Auditing changes| Microsoft Docs
description: You can activate a user log so that you have a history of any changes made to data in tracked tables. You can also track activities with certain types of activity logs.
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: user log, user activity, tracking
ms.date: 10/01/2020
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: c4891cb047cb16f4051b6f468115e2b6bad9f24c
ms.sourcegitcommit: cb06aa973f5c767df774b0e1e199c6fbe0e85b88
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 02/17/2021
ms.locfileid: "5470378"
---
# <a name="auditing-changes-in-business-central"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-104">Auditing Changes in Business Central</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-104">Auditing Changes in Business Central</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-105">A common challenge in many business management applications is avoiding unwanted changes in data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-105">A common challenge in many business management applications is avoiding unwanted changes in data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-106">It could be anything from an incorrect customer telephone number to an incorrect posting to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-106">It could be anything from an incorrect customer telephone number to an incorrect posting to the general ledger.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-107">This topic describes the capabilities for finding out what changed, who changed it, and when the change was made.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-107">This topic describes the capabilities for finding out what changed, who changed it, and when the change was made.</span></span>

## <a name="about-the-change-log"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-108">About the Change Log</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-108">About the Change Log</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-109">The change log lets you track all direct modifications a user makes to data in the database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-109">The change log lets you track all direct modifications a user makes to data in the database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-110">You must specify each table and field that you want the system to log, and then you must activate the change log.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-110">You must specify each table and field that you want the system to log, and then you must activate the change log.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-111">Tracking changes can impact performance, which can cost you time, and increase the size of your database, which might cost you money.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-111">Tracking changes can impact performance, which can cost you time, and increase the size of your database, which might cost you money.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-112">To reduce those costs, consider the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-112">To reduce those costs, consider the following:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-113">Use caution when choosing the tables and operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-113">Use caution when choosing the tables and operations.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-114">Do not add ledger entries and posted documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-114">Do not add ledger entries and posted documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-115">Instead, prioritise system fields such as Created By and Created Date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-115">Instead, prioritize system fields such as Created By and Created Date.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-116">Do not use the All Fields tracking type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-116">Do not use the All Fields tracking type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-117">Instead, choose Some Fields and track only the most important fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-117">Instead, choose Some Fields and track only the most important fields.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-118">The change log is based on changes that are made to data in the tables that you track. On the **Change Log Entries** page, entries are chronologically ordered and show all changes that are made to the values in fields on the tables you specify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-118">The change log is based on changes that are made to data in the tables that you track. On the **Change Log Entries** page, entries are chronologically ordered and show all changes that are made to the values in fields on the tables you specify.</span></span>

> [!Important]
> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-119">Changes display in the **Change Log Entries** only after the user's session is restarted, which happens as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-119">Changes display in the **Change Log Entries** only after the user's session is restarted, which happens as follows:</span></span>
<br />
> * <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-120">The session expired and was refreshed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-120">The session expired and was refreshed.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-121">The user selected another company or Role Centre.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-121">The user selected another company or Role Center.</span></span>
> * <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-122">The user signed out and back in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-122">The user signed out and back in.</span></span>

### <a name="working-with-the-change-log"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-123">Working with the Change Log</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-123">Working with the Change Log</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-124">You activate and deactivate the change log on the **Change Log Setup** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-124">You activate and deactivate the change log on the **Change Log Setup** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-125">When a user activates or deactivates the change log, this activity is logged, so you can always see which user deactivated or reactivated the change log.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-125">When a user activates or deactivates the change log, this activity is logged, so you can always see which user deactivated or reactivated the change log.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-126">On the **Change Log Setup** page, if you choose the **Tables** action, you can specify which tables you want to track changes for, and which changes to track. [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] also tracks a number of system tables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-126">On the **Change Log Setup** page, if you choose the **Tables** action, you can specify which tables you want to track changes for, and which changes to track. [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] also tracks a number of system tables.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-127">You can monitor specific fields for changes, such as fields that contain sensitive data, by setting up field monitoring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-127">You can monitor specific fields for changes, such as fields that contain sensitive data, by setting up field monitoring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-128">If you do, to avoid redundancy the table that contains the field will not be available for the change log setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-128">If you do, to avoid redundancy the table that contains the field will not be available for the change log setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-129">For more information, see [Monitoring Sensitive Fields](across-log-changes.md#monitoring-sensitive-fields).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-129">For more information, see [Monitoring Sensitive Fields](across-log-changes.md#monitoring-sensitive-fields).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-130">After you have set up the change log, activated it, and made a change to data, you can view and filter the changes on the **Change Log Entries** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-130">After you have set up the change log, activated it, and made a change to data, you can view and filter the changes on the **Change Log Entries** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-131">If you want to delete entries, you can do that on the **Delete Change Log Entries** page, where you can set filters based on dates and time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-131">If you want to delete entries, you can do that on the **Delete Change Log Entries** page, where you can set filters based on dates and time.</span></span>  

## <a name="about-activity-logs"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-132">About Activity Logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-132">About Activity Logs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-133">From some pages in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], you can view an activity log that shows the status and any errors from files that you export from or import into [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-133">From some pages in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], you can view an activity log that shows the status and any errors from files that you export from or import into [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span>  

### <a name="working-with-activity-logs"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-134">Working with Activity Logs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-134">Working with Activity Logs</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-135">The information is displayed in the **Activity Log** page according to the context that it is opened from.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-135">The information is displayed in the **Activity Log** page according to the context that it is opened from.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-136">For example, you can open the page from the **Document Exchange Service Setup**, **Incoming Document**, **Posted Sales Invoice**, and **Posted Sales Credit Memo** pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-136">For example, you can open the page from the **Document Exchange Service Setup**, **Incoming Document**, **Posted Sales Invoice**, and **Posted Sales Credit Memo** pages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-137">You can empty the list of log entries, or just clear the list of entries older than seven days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-137">You can empty the list of log entries, or just clear the list of entries older than seven days.</span></span>  

## <a name="monitoring-sensitive-fields"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-138">Monitoring Sensitive Fields</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-138">Monitoring Sensitive Fields</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-139">Keeping sensitive data secure and private is a core concern for most businesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-139">Keeping sensitive data secure and private is a core concern for most businesses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-140">To add a layer of security, you can monitor important fields and be notified by email when someone changes a value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-140">To add a layer of security, you can monitor important fields and be notified by email when someone changes a value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-141">For example, you might want to be notified if someone changes your company's IBAN number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-141">For example, you might want to be notified if someone changes your company's IBAN number.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-142">Sending notifications by email requires that you set up the email feature in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-142">Sending notifications by email requires that you set up the email feature in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-143">For more information, see [Set Up Email](admin-how-setup-email.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-143">For more information, see [Set Up Email](admin-how-setup-email.md).</span></span>

### <a name="setting-up-field-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-144">Setting Up Field Monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-144">Setting Up Field Monitoring</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-145">You can use the **Monitor Field Change Setup** assisted setup guide to specify the fields that you want to monitor based on filter criteria, such as the data sensitivity classification for the fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-145">You can use the **Monitor Field Change Setup** assisted setup guide to specify the fields that you want to monitor based on filter criteria, such as the data sensitivity classification for the fields.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-146">For more information, see [Classifying Data Sensitivity](admin-classifying-data-sensitivity.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-146">For more information, see [Classifying Data Sensitivity](admin-classifying-data-sensitivity.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-147">The guide also lets you specify the person who will receive an email notification when a change occurs, and the email account that will send the notification email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-147">The guide also lets you specify the person who will receive an email notification when a change occurs, and the email account that will send the notification email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-148">You must specify both the user notify and the account from which to send the notification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-148">You must specify both the user notify and the account from which to send the notification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-149">After you finish the guide, you can manage settings for field monitoring on the **Field Monitoring Setup** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-149">After you finish the guide, you can manage settings for field monitoring on the **Field Monitoring Setup** page.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-150">Over time, the list of entries on the **Monitored Fields Log Entries** page will grow.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-150">Over time, the list of entries on the **Monitored Fields Log Entries** page will grow.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-151">To reduce the number of entries you can create a retention policy that will delete entries after a specified period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-151">To reduce the number of entries you can create a retention policy that will delete entries after a specified period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-152">For more information, see [Define Retention Policies](admin-data-retention-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-152">For more information, see [Define Retention Policies](admin-data-retention-policies.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-153">When you set up field monitoring, or change something in the setup, entries are created for your changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-153">When you set up field monitoring, or change something in the setup, entries are created for your changes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-154">You can specify whether to display entries related to the monitoring setup by showing or hiding them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-154">You can specify whether to display entries related to the monitoring setup by showing or hiding them.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-155">You can manage settings for field monitoring, such as whether to send an email notification or just log the change, for each field on the **Monitored Fields Worksheet** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-155">You can manage settings for field monitoring, such as whether to send an email notification or just log the change, for each field on the **Monitored Fields Worksheet** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-156">The page is also where you can add or remove fields to monitor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-156">The page is also where you can add or remove fields to monitor.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-157">After you add one or more fields and start monitoring, you must sign out of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] and sign in again to apply your settings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-157">After you add one or more fields and start monitoring, you must sign out of [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] and sign in again to apply your settings.</span></span>

### <a name="working-with-field-monitoring"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-158">Working with Field Monitoring</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-158">Working with Field Monitoring</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-159">Entries for all changed values for monitored fields are available on the **Monitored Fields Log Entries** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-159">Entries for all changed values for monitored fields are available on the **Monitored Fields Log Entries** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-160">For example, entries contain information such as the field for which the value was changed, the original and new values, and who made the change and when they did so.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-160">For example, entries contain information such as the field for which the value was changed, the original and new values, and who made the change and when they did so.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-161">To further investigate a change, choose a value to open the page where it was made.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-161">To further investigate a change, choose a value to open the page where it was made.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-162">To view a list of all entries, choose **Field Change Entries**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-162">To view a list of all entries, choose **Field Change Entries**.</span></span>

### <a name="viewing-field-monitoring-telemetry"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-163">Viewing Field Monitoring Telemetry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-163">Viewing Field Monitoring Telemetry</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-164">You can set up [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] to send field monitoring activity to an Application Insights resource in Microsoft Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-164">You can set up [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] to send field monitoring activity to an Application Insights resource in Microsoft Azure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-165">Then, using Azure Monitor, you create reports and set up alerts on the gathered data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-165">Then, using Azure Monitor, you create reports and set up alerts on the gathered data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-166">For more information, see the following articles in the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Developer and IT Pro help:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-166">For more information, see the following articles in the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Developer and IT Pro help:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-167">Monitoring and Analysing Telemetry - Enabling Application Insights</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-167">Monitoring and Analyzing Telemetry - Enabling Application Insights</span></span>](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/telemetry-overview#enable)
- [<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-168">Analysing Field Monitoring Telemetry</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-168">Analyzing Field Monitoring Telemetry</span></span>](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/telemetry-field-monitoring-trace)

## <a name="defining-retention-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-169">Defining Retention Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-169">Defining Retention Policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-170">You can create retention policies to delete unneeded data in logs after a period of time that you specify.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-170">You can create retention policies to delete unneeded data in logs after a period of time that you specify.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-171">For example, over time the number of entries in a log can build up.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-171">For example, over time the number of entries in a log can build up.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-172">By cleaning up old entries you can make it easier to focus on more recent, and probably more relevant, entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-172">By cleaning up old entries you can make it easier to focus on more recent, and probably more relevant, entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0bf90-173">For more information, see [Define Retention Policies](admin-data-retention-policies.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-173">For more information, see [Define Retention Policies](admin-data-retention-policies.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="0bf90-174">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-174">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-175">Change Basic Settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-175">Change Basic Settings</span></span>](ui-change-basic-settings.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-176">Sorting, Searching, and Filtering</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-176">Sorting, Searching, and Filtering</span></span>](ui-enter-criteria-filters.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-177">Finding Pages and Information with Tell Me</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-177">Finding Pages and Information with Tell Me</span></span>](ui-search.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-178">[Assign Permissions to Users and Groups](ui-define-granular-permissions.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-178">[Assign Permissions to Users and Groups](ui-define-granular-permissions.md)  </span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-179">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-179">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="0bf90-180">Define Retention Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0bf90-180">Define Retention Policies</span></span>](admin-data-retention-policies.md)  

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]
