---
title: Electronic documents in Business Central   | Microsoft Docs
description: Introduction to sending and receiving electronic documents in Business Central.
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 04/01/2019
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.openlocfilehash: 8845f74e544b1c39f5260b799e81c31ea91fc77b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 60b87e5eb32bb408dd65b9855c29159b1dfbfca8
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 04/29/2019
ms.locfileid: "1240877"
---
# <a name="exchanging-data-electronically"></a><span data-ttu-id="36d8f-103">Exchanging Data Electronically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-103">Exchanging Data Electronically</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-104">You can use the Data Exchange Framework to exchange business documents, bank files, currency exchange rates, and any other data files with your business partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-104">You can use the Data Exchange Framework to exchange business documents, bank files, currency exchange rates, and any other data files with your business partners.</span></span>

## <a name="electronic-documents"></a><span data-ttu-id="36d8f-105">Electronic Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-105">Electronic Documents</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-106">As an alternative to emailing as file attachments, you can send and receive business documents electronically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-106">As an alternative to emailing as file attachments, you can send and receive business documents electronically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-107">By electronic document is meant a standard-compliant file representing a business document, such as an invoice from a vendor that you can receive and convert to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-107">By electronic document is meant a standard-compliant file representing a business document, such as an invoice from a vendor that you can receive and convert to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-108">The exchange of electronic documents between two trading partners is performed by an external provider of document exchange services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-108">The exchange of electronic documents between two trading partners is performed by an external provider of document exchange services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-109">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports sending and receiving electronic invoices and credit memos in the PEPPOL format, which is supported by the largest providers of document exchange services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-109">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports sending and receiving electronic invoices and credit memos in the PEPPOL format, which is supported by the largest providers of document exchange services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-110">A major provider of document exchange services is preconfigured and ready to be set up for your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-110">A major provider of document exchange services is preconfigured and ready to be set up for your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-111">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you must create new date exchange definitions using the Data Exchange Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-111">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you must create new date exchange definitions using the Data Exchange Framework.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-112">From PDF or image files representing incoming documents, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) create electronic documents that you can then convert to document records in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], like for electronic PEPPOL documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-112">From PDF or image files representing incoming documents, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) create electronic documents that you can then convert to document records in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], like for electronic PEPPOL documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-113">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-113">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-114">After a few seconds, you receive the file back as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-114">After a few seconds, you receive the file back as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-115">If you send the file to the OCR service by email, then a new incoming document record is automatically created when you receive the electronic document back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-115">If you send the file to the OCR service by email, then a new incoming document record is automatically created when you receive the electronic document back.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-116">To send, for example, a sales invoice as an electronic PEPPOL document, you select the **Electronic Document** option in the **Post and Send** dialogue box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-116">To send, for example, a sales invoice as an electronic PEPPOL document, you select the **Electronic Document** option in the **Post and Send** dialog box.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-117">From here, you can also set up the customer’s default document sending profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-117">From here, you can also set up the customer’s default document sending profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-118">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, customers, items, and units of measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-118">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, customers, items, and units of measure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-119">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  to elements in the outgoing document file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-119">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  to elements in the outgoing document file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-120">The data conversion and sending of the PEPPOL sales invoice are performed by dedicated codeunits and XMLports, represented by the **PEPPOL** electronic document format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-120">The data conversion and sending of the PEPPOL sales invoice are performed by dedicated codeunits and XMLports, represented by the **PEPPOL** electronic document format.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-121">To receive, for example, an invoice from a vendor as an electronic PEPPOL document, you process the document on the **Incoming Documents** page to convert it to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-121">To receive, for example, an invoice from a vendor as an electronic PEPPOL document, you process the document on the **Incoming Documents** page to convert it to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-122">You can either set up the Job Queue feature to process such files regularly or you can start the process manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-122">You can either set up the Job Queue feature to process such files regularly or you can start the process manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-123">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, vendors, items, and units of measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-123">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, vendors, items, and units of measure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-124">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in elements in the incoming document file to fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-124">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in elements in the incoming document file to fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-125">The receiving and data conversion of PEPPOL invoices are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **PEPPOL - Invoice** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-125">The receiving and data conversion of PEPPOL invoices are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **PEPPOL - Invoice** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-126">To receive, for example, an invoice as an electronic OCR document, you process it as when you receive an electronic PEPPOL document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-126">To receive, for example, an invoice as an electronic OCR document, you process it as when you receive an electronic PEPPOL document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-127">The receiving and conversion of electronic documents from OCR are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **OCR – Invoice** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-127">The receiving and conversion of electronic documents from OCR are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **OCR – Invoice** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

## <a name="bank-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="36d8f-128">Bank Files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-128">Bank Files</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-129">The formats of files for exchange of bank data with ERP systems vary depending on the supplier of the file and on the country/region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-129">The formats of files for exchange of bank data with ERP systems vary depending on the supplier of the file and on the country/region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-130">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports import and export of SEPA bank files (Single Euro Payments Area) and a bank data conversion service provided by external provider, AMC Consult.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-130">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports import and export of SEPA bank files (Single Euro Payments Area) and a bank data conversion service provided by external provider, AMC Consult.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-131">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you use the Data Exchange Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-131">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you use the Data Exchange Framework.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-132">To export SEPA credit transfers, you choose **Export Payments to File** button on the **Payment Journal** page and then upload the file to process the payments in your bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-132">To export SEPA credit transfers, you choose **Export Payments to File** button on the **Payment Journal** page and then upload the file to process the payments in your bank.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-133">First you must set up various master data, such as bank account, vendors, and payment methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-133">First you must set up various master data, such as bank account, vendors, and payment methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-134">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by a dedicated codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Credit Transfer** bank export/import setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-134">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by a dedicated codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Credit Transfer** bank export/import setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-135">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the export, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service - Credit Transfer** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-135">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the export, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service - Credit Transfer** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-136">To export SEPA direct debit instructions, you choose the **Export Direct Debit File** button on the **Direct Debit Collections** page and then send to your bank to automatically collect the involved customer payments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-136">To export SEPA direct debit instructions, you choose the **Export Direct Debit File** button on the **Direct Debit Collections** page and then send to your bank to automatically collect the involved customer payments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-137">First you must set up bank accounts, customers, direct-debit mandates, and payment methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-137">First you must set up bank accounts, customers, direct-debit mandates, and payment methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-138">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by dedicated a codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Direct Debit** bank export/import setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-138">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by dedicated a codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Direct Debit** bank export/import setup.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-139">To import SEPA bank statements, you choose the Import Bank Statement button in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** and **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** pages and then you proceed to apply each bank statement entry to payments or bank ledger entries, manually or automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-139">To import SEPA bank statements, you choose the Import Bank Statement button in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** and **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** pages and then you proceed to apply each bank statement entry to payments or bank ledger entries, manually or automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-140">First you must set up bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-140">First you must set up bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-141">The import and data conversion of SEPA bank data is performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **SEPA CAMT** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-141">The import and data conversion of SEPA bank data is performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **SEPA CAMT** data exchange definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-142">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the import, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service – Bank Statement** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-142">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the import, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service – Bank Statement** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-143">In addition, the local versions of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] support various other file formats for import/export of bank data, payroll transactions, and other data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-143">In addition, the local versions of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] support various other file formats for import/export of bank data, payroll transactions, and other data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-144">For more information, see the “Local Functionality” Help section in your country version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-144">For more information, see the “Local Functionality” Help section in your country version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span></span>  

## <a name="currency-exchange-rates"></a><span data-ttu-id="36d8f-145">Currency Exchange Rates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-145">Currency Exchange Rates</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-146">You can set up an external service to keep your for currency exchange rates up to date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-146">You can set up an external service to keep your for currency exchange rates up to date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-147">The service that provides updated currency exchange rates is enabled by a data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-147">The service that provides updated currency exchange rates is enabled by a data exchange definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-148">Accordingly, the **Exch. Rate Update Setup Card** page is a condensed view of the **Data Exchange Definition** page for the data exchange definition in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-148">Accordingly, the **Exch. Rate Update Setup Card** page is a condensed view of the **Data Exchange Definition** page for the data exchange definition in question.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-149">For all exchanges of data in XML files, you can prepare the data exchange setup by loading the related XML schema file on the **XML Schema Viewer** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-149">For all exchanges of data in XML files, you can prepare the data exchange setup by loading the related XML schema file on the **XML Schema Viewer** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-150">Here you select the data elements that you want to exchange with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  and then you either initialise a data exchange definition or generate an XMLport.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-150">Here you select the data elements that you want to exchange with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  and then you either initialize a data exchange definition or generate an XMLport.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-151">The following table describes a sequence of tasks, with links to the topics that describe them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-151">The following table describes a sequence of tasks, with links to the topics that describe them.</span></span>  

|<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-152">To</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-152">To</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-153">See</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-153">See</span></span>|  
|--------|---------|  
|<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-154">Learn how the Data Exchange Framework works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-154">Learn how the Data Exchange Framework works.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-155">About the Data Exchange Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-155">About the Data Exchange Framework</span></span>](across-about-the-data-exchange-framework.md)|  
|<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-156">Prepare to exchange data in a file by reusing the file’s XML schema.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-156">Prepare to exchange data in a file by reusing the file’s XML schema.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-157">Set up data exchange definitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-157">Set up data exchange definitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-158">Set up master data for electronic document sending.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-158">Set up master data for electronic document sending.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36d8f-159">Set up various bank import/export fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-159">Set up various bank import/export fields.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-160">Setting Up Data Exchange</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-160">Setting Up Data Exchange</span></span>](across-set-up-data-exchange.md)|  
|<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-161">Based on data exchange definitions, send PEPPOL invoices, receive PEPPOL invoices, import bank statements, and export bank payment files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-161">Based on data exchange definitions, send PEPPOL invoices, receive PEPPOL invoices, import bank statements, and export bank payment files.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-162">Exchanging Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-162">Exchanging Data</span></span>](across-exchange-data.md)|  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="36d8f-163">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-163">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-164">About the Data Exchange Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-164">About the Data Exchange Framework</span></span>](across-about-the-data-exchange-framework.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-165">Use XML Schemas to Prepare Data Exchange Definitions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-165">Use XML Schemas to Prepare Data Exchange Definitions</span></span>](across-how-to-use-xml-schemas-to-prepare-data-exchange-definitions.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-166">Setting Up Data Exchange</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-166">Setting Up Data Exchange</span></span>](across-set-up-data-exchange.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-167">Exchanging Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-167">Exchanging Data</span></span>](across-exchange-data.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-168">Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-168">Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36d8f-169">General Business Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36d8f-169">General Business Functionality</span></span>](ui-across-business-areas.md)
