---
title: Using Business Central with Outlook| Microsoft Docs
description: This service has deep integration with Microsoft 365 enabling you to manage all your business interactions and mail with customers and vendors directly in Outlook.
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: SMTP, mail, Microsoft 365
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: ee9587b323fe1b104a85319eba03bfdcfce8c13e
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5777457"
---
# <a name="using-business-central-as-your-business-inbox-in-outlook"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-103">Using Business Central as your Business Inbox in Outlook</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-103">Using Business Central as your Business Inbox in Outlook</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="a8719-104">introduces the ability to manage business interactions with your customers and vendors, directly in Microsoft Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-104">introduces the ability to manage business interactions with your customers and vendors, directly in Microsoft Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-105">With the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Outlook add-ins, you can see financial data related to customers and vendors, as well as create and send financial documents, such as quotes and invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-105">With the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Outlook add-ins, you can see financial data related to customers and vendors, as well as create and send financial documents, such as quotes and invoices.</span></span>  

## <a name="getting-the-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-106">Getting the Add-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-106">Getting the Add-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-107">It is easy to get started with the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in for Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-107">It is easy to get started with the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in for Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-108">In the **Set up your Business Inbox in Outlook** assisted setup guide, you can set up the connection for yourself or for your organisation if your organisation uses Microsoft 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-108">In the **Set up your Business Inbox in Outlook** assisted setup guide, you can set up the connection for yourself or for your organization if your organization uses Microsoft 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-109">Simply specify your Microsoft 365 user name and password, if you are prompted, and tell us if you want to receive a sample email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-109">Simply specify your Microsoft 365 user name and password, if you are prompted, and tell us if you want to receive a sample email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-110">The [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins are then automatically added to your Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-110">The [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins are then automatically added to your Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-111">For more information, see [Minimum Requirements for Outlook](product-requirements.md#outlook).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-111">For more information, see [Minimum Requirements for Outlook](product-requirements.md#outlook).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-112">Then, when you open Outlook, you will see an email message from *Dynamics 365 Business Central Admin*. The new add-ins are added to the Outlook ribbon, and in the browser, you can see the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins immediately above or below the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-112">Then, when you open Outlook, you will see an email message from *Dynamics 365 Business Central Admin*. The new add-ins are added to the Outlook ribbon, and in the browser, you can see the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins immediately above or below the body of the email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-113">The add-ins are updated periodically, and you'll get notified that a new version is ready for you in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-113">The add-ins are updated periodically, and you'll get notified that a new version is ready for you in Outlook.</span></span>  

> [!TIP]
> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-114">If you use the new Outlook on the web, then the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins can be hidden under **More actions**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-114">If you use the new Outlook on the web, then the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins can be hidden under **More actions**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-115">If you use the add-in often, you can pin it so that it is always immediately visible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-115">If you use the add-in often, you can pin it so that it is always immediately visible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-116">For more information, see [Using add-ins in Outlook on the web](https://support.office.com/article/using-add-ins-in-outlook-on-the-web-8f2ce816-5df4-44a5-958c-f7f9d6dabdce?ns=OLWAO365B&version=16).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-116">For more information, see [Using add-ins in Outlook on the web](https://support.office.com/article/using-add-ins-in-outlook-on-the-web-8f2ce816-5df4-44a5-958c-f7f9d6dabdce?ns=OLWAO365B&version=16).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-117">If you work with more that one [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] company, you can easily switch between companies in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-117">If you work with more that one [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] company, you can easily switch between companies in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-118">In the add-in's action bar, choose **More Actions**, and then you can see the option for switching between companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-118">In the add-in's action bar, choose **More Actions**, and then you can see the option for switching between companies.</span></span>  

<!--TEMP-->
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-119">Switching between companies requires [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] 2019 release wave 2 or later as announced in the [release plan](/dynamics365-release-plan/2019wave2/dynamics365-business-central/switch-between-companies-business-inbox-outlook).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-119">Switching between companies requires [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] 2019 release wave 2 or later as announced in the [release plan](/dynamics365-release-plan/2019wave2/dynamics365-business-central/switch-between-companies-business-inbox-outlook).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-120">Some companies using Microsoft 365 restrict users' permissions to deploy add-ins. So you must make sure that you have a Microsoft 365 subscription that includes email and allows you to deploy add-ins. If you want to try out the add-in anyway, you can [try Microsoft 365 for free](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-120">Some companies using Microsoft 365 restrict users' permissions to deploy add-ins. So you must make sure that you have a Microsoft 365 subscription that includes email and allows you to deploy add-ins. If you want to try out the add-in anyway, you can [try Microsoft 365 for free](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try).</span></span>  

## <a name="using-the-contact-insights-add-in"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-121">Using the Contact Insights Add-in</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-121">Using the Contact Insights Add-in</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-122">Let's say that you get an email from a customer that wants to get a quote on some items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-122">Let's say that you get an email from a customer that wants to get a quote on some items.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-123">Directly in Outlook, you can open the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in, which recognises the sender as a customer, and opens the customer card for that company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-123">Directly in Outlook, you can open the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in, which recognizes the sender as a customer, and opens the customer card for that company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-124">From this dashboard, you can see overview information for the customer, as well as drill down for more detail on specific documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-124">From this dashboard, you can see overview information for the customer, as well as drill down for more detail on specific documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-125">You can also dig into the sales history for the customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-125">You can also dig into the sales history for the customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-126">If it's a new contact, you can create them as a new customer in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] without leaving Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-126">If it's a new contact, you can create them as a new customer in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] without leaving Outlook.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-127">In the add-in, you can create a sales quote and send it back to this customer without leaving Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-127">In the add-in, you can create a sales quote and send it back to this customer without leaving Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-128">All of the information that you need to send the sales quote is available in your business inbox in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-128">All of the information that you need to send the sales quote is available in your business inbox in Outlook.</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-129">Once you have the data entered, you can post the quote.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-129">Once you have the data entered, you can post the quote.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-130">You can then send it by email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-130">You can then send it by email.</span></span> [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="a8719-131">generates a .PDF file with the sales quote and attaches it to the email message that you draft in the add-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-131">generates a .PDF file with the sales quote and attaches it to the email message that you draft in the add-in.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-132">Similarly, if you get an email from a vendor, you can use the add-in to work with vendors and purchase invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-132">Similarly, if you get an email from a vendor, you can use the add-in to work with vendors and purchase invoices.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-133">Sometimes you want to see more fields than you can see in the add-in, such as when you want to fill in lines in an invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-133">Sometimes you want to see more fields than you can see in the add-in, such as when you want to fill in lines in an invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-134">To give you a bit more space to work with, you can pop out the add-in to a separate page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-134">To give you a bit more space to work with, you can pop out the add-in to a separate page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-135">It's still part of Outlook, but you have more space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-135">It's still part of Outlook, but you have more space.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-136">As you enter data for the document in the pop-out view, the changes are automatically saved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-136">As you enter data for the document in the pop-out view, the changes are automatically saved.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-137">When you are done entering data for the document, you can choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-137">When you are done entering data for the document, you can choose the **OK** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-138">Choosing the add-in frame in Outlook automatically refreshes the document with the changes you made in the pop-out view.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-138">Choosing the add-in frame in Outlook automatically refreshes the document with the changes you made in the pop-out view.</span></span>  

## <a name="creating-invoices-from-your-meeting-appointments"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-139">Creating Invoices from Your Meeting Appointments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-139">Creating Invoices from Your Meeting Appointments</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-140">Some businesses record all billable appointments in the Outlook calendar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-140">Some businesses record all billable appointments in the Outlook calendar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-141">With [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], you can create the invoice for the customer right from the calendar item: Open the appointment, and then you can open the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in, look up existing information or create an invoice or another sales document right there.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-141">With [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)], you can create the invoice for the customer right from the calendar item: Open the appointment, and then you can open the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-in, look up existing information or create an invoice or another sales document right there.</span></span>  

## <a name="doing-quick-document-lookup"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-142">Doing Quick Document Lookup</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-142">Doing Quick Document Lookup</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-143">The [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Document Links add-in gives you quick access to documents mentioned in email messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-143">The [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] Document Links add-in gives you quick access to documents mentioned in email messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-144">The add-in is available for an email message if a document number is recognised in the body of the message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-144">The add-in is available for an email message if a document number is recognized in the body of the message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-145">Opening the add-in provides quick access to the document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-145">Opening the add-in provides quick access to the document.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-146">For example, if you receive an email message that mentions the text *S-QUO100*, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] identifies that as a sales quote, and so you can open this document in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-146">For example, if you receive an email message that mentions the text *S-QUO100*, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] identifies that as a sales quote, and so you can open this document in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-147">In Outlook, choose the **Document Links** button immediately above the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-147">In Outlook, choose the **Document Links** button immediately above the body of the email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-148">In the Outlook Web App, choose the *S-QUO1001* text in the body of the email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-148">In the Outlook Web App, choose the *S-QUO1001* text in the body of the email message.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-149">In the Document Links add-in, you can modify and take actions with the document, just like you can in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-149">In the Document Links add-in, you can modify and take actions with the document, just like you can in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)].</span></span>

## <a name="adding-the-add-ins-manually"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-150">Adding the Add-ins Manually</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-150">Adding the Add-ins Manually</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a8719-151">In some cases, the add-ins do not get added automatically to Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-151">In some cases, the add-ins do not get added automatically to Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-152">Even if you or a colleague ran the assisted setup guide on behalf of the company, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] might not show up in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-152">Even if you or a colleague ran the assisted setup guide on behalf of the company, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] might not show up in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-153">If you experience this issue, you can add the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-153">If you experience this issue, you can add the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins manually.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-154">First, you must verify that you have access to the add-ins in your Microsoft 365 account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-154">First, you must verify that you have access to the add-ins in your Microsoft 365 account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-155">Quite simply open your Outlook in a browser, open a message, select **More actions** (...) at the top of the message, and then, at the bottom of the list, choose **Get Add-ins**. This opens the **Add-ins for Outlook** page, where you can enable [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] for your Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-155">Quite simply open your Outlook in a browser, open a message, select **More actions** (...) at the top of the message, and then, at the bottom of the list, choose **Get Add-ins**. This opens the **Add-ins for Outlook** page, where you can enable [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] for your Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-156">Then, when you navigate back to Outlook, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] should be available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-156">Then, when you navigate back to Outlook, [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] should be available.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-157">Similarly in the Outlook desktop client, you can verify that [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is listed on the **Get Add-ins** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-157">Similarly in the Outlook desktop client, you can verify that [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is listed on the **Get Add-ins** page.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-158">In both cases, if [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is still not available, you have to get the add-in manifest files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-158">In both cases, if [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is still not available, you have to get the add-in manifest files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-159">For more information, please contact your Microsoft 365 administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-159">For more information, please contact your Microsoft 365 administrator.</span></span>

## <a name="using-other-email-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-160">Using Other Email Accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-160">Using Other Email Accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a8719-161">The add-ins are designed to be used with Microsoft 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-161">The add-ins are designed to be used with Microsoft 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-162">If you use [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises, your administrator will know if you can use the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-162">If you use [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] on-premises, your administrator will know if you can use the [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] add-ins in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a8719-163">For more information, see [What email address can I use with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]?](across-faq.md#email), and the [Features that require specific circumstances](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/features-not-implemented-on-premises#features-that-require-specific-circumstances?toc=/dynamics365/business-central/toc.json) article and the [Why doesn't the Outlook add-in work for my users?](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/faq#why-doesnt-the-outlook-add-in-work-for-my-users?toc=/dynamics365/business-central/toc.json) section in the general FAQ in the administration content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-163">For more information, see [What email address can I use with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]?](across-faq.md#email), and the [Features that require specific circumstances](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/features-not-implemented-on-premises#features-that-require-specific-circumstances?toc=/dynamics365/business-central/toc.json) article and the [Why doesn't the Outlook add-in work for my users?](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/faq#why-doesnt-the-outlook-add-in-work-for-my-users?toc=/dynamics365/business-central/toc.json) section in the general FAQ in the administration content.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-related-training-at-microsoft-learn"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-164">See Related Training at [Microsoft Learn](/learn/modules/alternative-interfaces-dynamics-365-business-central/index)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-164">See Related Training at [Microsoft Learn](/learn/modules/alternative-interfaces-dynamics-365-business-central/index)</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a8719-165">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-165">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-166">Getting Ready for Doing Business</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-166">Getting Ready for Doing Business</span></span>](ui-get-ready-business.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-167">Getting Business Central on my Mobile Device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-167">Getting Business Central on my Mobile Device</span></span>](install-mobile-app.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-168">Send Documents by Email</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-168">Send Documents by Email</span></span>](ui-how-send-documents-email.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-169">Finance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-169">Finance</span></span>](finance.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-170">Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-170">Sales</span></span>](sales-manage-sales.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-171">Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-171">Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-172">Minimum Requirements for Outlook</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-172">Minimum Requirements for Outlook</span></span>](product-requirements.md#outlook)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a8719-173">Using add-ins in Outlook on the web</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a8719-173">Using add-ins in Outlook on the web</span></span>](https://support.office.com/article/Using-Add-ins-in-Outlook-on-the-web-8f2ce816-5df4-44a5-958c-f7f9d6dabdce?appver=OWB150)  


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]