---
title: Understanding Assemble to Order and Assemble to Stock | Microsoft Docs
description: Assembly items can be supplied either by assembling them when they are ordered or by assembling them to be kept in inventory until they are need on a sales order.
author: bholtorf
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: kit, kitting
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: bholtorf
ms.openlocfilehash: 80164400380a600674061349b873e5d1159d2cb3
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5773045"
---
# <a name="understanding-assemble-to-order-and-assemble-to-stock"></a><span data-ttu-id="a3059-103">Understanding Assemble to Order and Assemble to Stock</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-103">Understanding Assemble to Order and Assemble to Stock</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a3059-104">Assembly items can be supplied in the following two processes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-104">Assembly items can be supplied in the following two processes:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-105">Assemble to order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-105">Assemble to order.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-106">Assemble to stock.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-106">Assemble to stock.</span></span>  

## <a name="assemble-to-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="a3059-107">Assemble to Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-107">Assemble to Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a3059-108">You typically use *assemble to order* for items that you do not want to stock because you expect to customise them to customer requests or because you want to minimise the inventory carrying cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-108">You typically use *assemble to order* for items that you do not want to stock because you expect to customize them to customer requests or because you want to minimize the inventory carrying cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-109">The supporting functionality includes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-109">The supporting functionality includes:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-110">Ability to customise assembly items when taking a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-110">Ability to customize assembly items when taking a sales order.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-111">Overview of availability of the assembly item and its components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-111">Overview of availability of the assembly item and its components.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-112">Ability to reserve assembly components immediately to guarantee order fulfillment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-112">Ability to reserve assembly components immediately to guarantee order fulfillment.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-113">Function to determine profitability of the customised order by rolling up price and cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-113">Function to determine profitability of the customized order by rolling up price and cost.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-114">Integration to the warehouse to make assembly and shipping easier.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-114">Integration to the warehouse to make assembly and shipping easier.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-115">Ability to assemble to order at the point of making a sales quote or a blanket sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-115">Ability to assemble to order at the point of making a sales quote or a blanket sales order.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-116">Ability to combine inventory quantities with assemble-to-order quantities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-116">Ability to combine inventory quantities with assemble-to-order quantities.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a3059-117">In the assemble-to-order process, the item is assembled in response to a sales order and with a one-to-one link between the assembly order and the sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-117">In the assemble-to-order process, the item is assembled in response to a sales order and with a one-to-one link between the assembly order and the sales order.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="a3059-118">When you enter an assemble-to-order item on a sales line, an assembly order is automatically created with a header that is based on the sales line and with lines that are based on the item's assembly BOM multiplied by the order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-118">When you enter an assemble-to-order item on a sales line, an assembly order is automatically created with a header that is based on the sales line and with lines that are based on the item's assembly BOM multiplied by the order quantity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-119">You can use the **Assemble-to-Order Lines** page to see the linked assembly order lines to support you in customising the assembly item and in a delivery date that is based on component availability information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-119">You can use the **Assemble-to-Order Lines** page to see the linked assembly order lines to support you in customizing the assembly item and in a delivery date that is based on component availability information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-120">For more information, see [Sell Items Assembled to Order](assembly-how-to-sell-items-assembled-to-order.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-120">For more information, see [Sell Items Assembled to Order](assembly-how-to-sell-items-assembled-to-order.md).</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="a3059-121">Although it is not part of the default process, you can sell inventory quantities with the assemble-to-order quantities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-121">Although it is not part of the default process, you can sell inventory quantities with the assemble-to-order quantities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-122">For more information, see [Sell Inventory Items in Assemble-to-Order Flows](assembly-how-to-sell-inventory-items-in-assemble-to-order-flows.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-122">For more information, see [Sell Inventory Items in Assemble-to-Order Flows](assembly-how-to-sell-inventory-items-in-assemble-to-order-flows.md).</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-123">To enable this process, the **Assembly Policy** field on the item card must be **Assemble-to-Order**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-123">To enable this process, the **Assembly Policy** field on the item card must be **Assemble-to-Order**.</span></span>  

## <a name="assemble-to-stock"></a><span data-ttu-id="a3059-124">Assemble to Stock</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-124">Assemble to Stock</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-125">You typically use *assemble to stock* for items that you want to assemble ahead of sales, such as to prepare for a kit campaign, and keep in stock until they are ordered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-125">You typically use *assemble to stock* for items that you want to assemble ahead of sales, such as to prepare for a kit campaign, and keep in stock until they are ordered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-126">These items are usually standard items such as packaged kits that you do not offer to customise to customer requests.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-126">These items are usually standard items such as packaged kits that you do not offer to customize to customer requests.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-127">In the assemble-to-stock process, the item is assembled without an immediate sales demand and is stocked in the warehouse as an inventory item for later sale or consumption as a subassembly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-127">In the assemble-to-stock process, the item is assembled without an immediate sales demand and is stocked in the warehouse as an inventory item for later sale or consumption as a subassembly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-128">For more information, see [Assemble Items](assembly-how-to-assemble-items.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-128">For more information, see [Assemble Items](assembly-how-to-assemble-items.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-129">From this point, the item is picked and processed as a single item and is treated like a finished production item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-129">From this point, the item is picked and processed as a single item and is treated like a finished production item.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-130">When you enter an assemble-to-stock item on a sales line, the line like any other item sold from inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-130">When you enter an assemble-to-stock item on a sales line, the line like any other item sold from inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-131">For example, availability is checked for the assembly item only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-131">For example, availability is checked for the assembly item only.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="a3059-132">Although it is not part of the default process, you can assemble an item to order even if it is set up to be assembled to stock.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-132">Although it is not part of the default process, you can assemble an item to order even if it is set up to be assembled to stock.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-133">For more information, see [Sell Assemble-to-Order Items and Inventory Items Together](assembly-how-to-sell-assemble-to-order-items-and-inventory-items-together.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-133">For more information, see [Sell Assemble-to-Order Items and Inventory Items Together](assembly-how-to-sell-assemble-to-order-items-and-inventory-items-together.md).</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-134">To enable this process, the **Assembly Policy** field on the item card must be **Assemble-to-Stock**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-134">To enable this process, the **Assembly Policy** field on the item card must be **Assemble-to-Stock**.</span></span>  

## <a name="combination-scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="a3059-135">Combination Scenarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-135">Combination Scenarios</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-136">A general principle in Assembly Management is that when combined on a sales order line, assemble-to-order quantities must be shipped before inventory quantities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-136">A general principle in Assembly Management is that when combined on a sales order line, assemble-to-order quantities must be shipped before inventory quantities.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-137">If an assembly order is linked to a sales order line, then the value in the **Qty. to Assemble to Order** field on the sales order line is copied to the **Quantity to Assemble** field, via the **Quantity** field on the assembly order header.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-137">If an assembly order is linked to a sales order line, then the value in the **Qty. to Assemble to Order** field on the sales order line is copied to the **Quantity to Assemble** field, via the **Quantity** field on the assembly order header.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-138">For more information, see [Sell Items Assembled to Order](assembly-how-to-sell-items-assembled-to-order.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-138">For more information, see [Sell Items Assembled to Order](assembly-how-to-sell-items-assembled-to-order.md).</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-139">In addition, the value in the **Quantity to Assemble** field is related to the **Qty. to Ship** field on the sales order line, and this relation manages the shipping of assemble-to-order quantities, both partially and completely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-139">In addition, the value in the **Quantity to Assemble** field is related to the **Qty. to Ship** field on the sales order line, and this relation manages the shipping of assemble-to-order quantities, both partially and completely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-140">This is true both when the full sales line quantity is assembled to order and in combination scenarios where one part of the sales line quantity is assembled to order and another part is shipped from inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-140">This is true both when the full sales line quantity is assembled to order and in combination scenarios where one part of the sales line quantity is assembled to order and another part is shipped from inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-141">However, in the combination scenario, you have additional flexibility when shipping partially in that you can modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field, within predefined rules, to specify how many units to ship partially from inventory and how many to ship partially by assembling to order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-141">However, in the combination scenario, you have additional flexibility when shipping partially in that you can modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field, within predefined rules, to specify how many units to ship partially from inventory and how many to ship partially by assembling to order.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-142">If the full sales line quantity must be assembled to order and shipped, then the value in the **Qty. to Ship** field is copied to **Quantity to Assemble** field on the linked assembly order when you change the quantity to ship.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-142">If the full sales line quantity must be assembled to order and shipped, then the value in the **Qty. to Ship** field is copied to **Quantity to Assemble** field on the linked assembly order when you change the quantity to ship.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-143">This ensures that the quantity being shipped is fully supplied by the assemble-to-order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-143">This ensures that the quantity being shipped is fully supplied by the assemble-to-order quantity.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-144">However, in combination scenarios, the full value in the **Qty. to Ship** is not copied to the **Quantity to Assemble** field on the assembly order header.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-144">However, in combination scenarios, the full value in the **Qty. to Ship** is not copied to the **Quantity to Assemble** field on the assembly order header.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-145">Instead, a default value is inserted in the **Quantity to Assemble** field that is calculated from the **Qty. to Ship** field according to a predefined rule that ensures shipment of assemble-to-order quantities first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-145">Instead, a default value is inserted in the **Quantity to Assemble** field that is calculated from the **Qty. to Ship** field according to a predefined rule that ensures shipment of assemble-to-order quantities first.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-146">If you want to deviate from this default, for example because you only want to assemble more or less of the quantity in the **Qty. to Ship** field, then you can modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field, but only within predefined rules, as illustrated below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-146">If you want to deviate from this default, for example because you only want to assemble more or less of the quantity in the **Qty. to Ship** field, then you can modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field, but only within predefined rules, as illustrated below.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-147">An example of why you would want to modify the quantity to assemble is that you want to partially post shipment of inventory quantities before the assembly output can be shipped.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-147">An example of why you would want to modify the quantity to assemble is that you want to partially post shipment of inventory quantities before the assembly output can be shipped.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-148">The following table explains the rules that define the minimum and maximum values that you can enter in the **Quantity to Assemble** field to deviate from the default value in a combination scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-148">The following table explains the rules that define the minimum and maximum values that you can enter in the **Quantity to Assemble** field to deviate from the default value in a combination scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-149">The table shows a combination scenario where the **Qty. to Ship** field on the linked sales order line is changed from 7 to 4, and the **Quantity to Assemble** is therefore defaulted to 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-149">The table shows a combination scenario where the **Qty. to Ship** field on the linked sales order line is changed from 7 to 4, and the **Quantity to Assemble** is therefore defaulted to 4.</span></span>  

|-|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-150">Sales Order Line</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-150">Sales Order Line</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-151">Assembly Order Header</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-151">Assembly Order Header</span></span>|||||||  
|-|----------------------|---------------------------|-|-|-|-|-|-|  
||<span data-ttu-id="a3059-152">**Quantity**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-152">**Quantity**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-153">**Qty. to Ship**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-153">**Qty. to Ship**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-154">**Qty. to Assemble to Order**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-154">**Qty. to Assemble to Order**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-155">**Quantity Shipped**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-155">**Quantity Shipped**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-156">**Quantity**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-156">**Quantity**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-157">**Quantity to Assemble**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-157">**Quantity to Assemble**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-158">**Assembled Quantity**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-158">**Assembled Quantity**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-159">**Remaining Quantity**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-159">**Remaining Quantity**</span></span>|  
|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-160">Initial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-160">Initial</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-161">10</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-161">10</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-162">7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-162">7</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-163">7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-163">7</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-164">0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-164">0</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-165">7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-165">7</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-166">7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-166">7</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-167">0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-167">0</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-168">7</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-168">7</span></span>|  
|<span data-ttu-id="a3059-169">Change</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-169">Change</span></span>||<span data-ttu-id="a3059-170">4</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-170">4</span></span>||||<span data-ttu-id="a3059-171">4 (inserted by default)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-171">4 (inserted by default)</span></span>|||  

 <span data-ttu-id="a3059-172">Based on the above situation, you can only modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-172">Based on the above situation, you can only modify the **Quantity to Assemble** field as follows:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-173">The minimum quantity that you can enter is 1.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-173">The minimum quantity that you can enter is 1.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-174">This is because you must at least assemble one unit to be able to sell the four units, assuming that the remaining three are available in the inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-174">This is because you must at least assemble one unit to be able to sell the four units, assuming that the remaining three are available in the inventory.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="a3059-175">The maximum quantity that you can enter is 4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-175">The maximum quantity that you can enter is 4.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a3059-176">This is to ensure that you do not assemble more of this assemble-to-order item than what is needed on the sale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-176">This is to ensure that you do not assemble more of this assemble-to-order item than what is needed on the sale.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a3059-177">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-177">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="a3059-178">Assembly Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-178">Assembly Management</span></span>](assembly-assemble-items.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a3059-179">Work with Bills of Material</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-179">Work with Bills of Material</span></span>](inventory-how-work-BOMs.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a3059-180">Inventory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-180">Inventory</span></span>](inventory-manage-inventory.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a3059-181">Design Details: Warehouse Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-181">Design Details: Warehouse Management</span></span>](design-details-warehouse-management.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="a3059-182">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a3059-182">[Working with [!INCLUDE[prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]