---
title: Design Details - Item Tracking Posting Structure | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn how to use item ledger entries as the primary carrier of item tracking numbers.
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: design, item tracking, posting, inventory
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: 0786853d6b5882306dfb887cbb396d1a8d009f62
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5774880"
---
# <a name="design-details-item-tracking-posting-structure"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-103">Design Details: Item Tracking Posting Structure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-103">Design Details: Item Tracking Posting Structure</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-104">To align with inventory costing functionality and to obtain a simpler and more robust solution, item ledger entries are used as the primary carrier of item tracking numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-104">To align with inventory costing functionality and to obtain a simpler and more robust solution, item ledger entries are used as the primary carrier of item tracking numbers.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-105">Item tracking numbers on order network entities and non-order network entities are specified in the **Reservation Entry** table (T337).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-105">Item tracking numbers on order network entities and non-order network entities are specified in the **Reservation Entry** table (T337).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-106">Item tracking numbers that are related to historical information are retrieved directly from the item ledger entries that are related to the transaction in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-106">Item tracking numbers that are related to historical information are retrieved directly from the item ledger entries that are related to the transaction in question.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-107">This means that item ledger entries reflect the item tracking specification of the posted order line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-107">This means that item ledger entries reflect the item tracking specification of the posted order line.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-108">The **Item Tracking Lines** page retrieves the information from T337 and the item ledger entries and shows it through the temporary table, **Tracking Specification** (T336).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-108">The **Item Tracking Lines** page retrieves the information from T337 and the item ledger entries and shows it through the temporary table, **Tracking Specification** (T336).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-109">T336 also hold the temporary data in the **Item Tracking Lines page** for item tracking quantities that remain to be invoiced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-109">T336 also hold the temporary data in the **Item Tracking Lines page** for item tracking quantities that remain to be invoiced.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="one-to-many-relation"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-110">One-to-Many Relation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-110">One-to-Many Relation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-111">The **Item Entry Relation** table, which is used to link a posted document line with its related item ledger entries, consists of two main parts:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-111">The **Item Entry Relation** table, which is used to link a posted document line with its related item ledger entries, consists of two main parts:</span></span>  
  
* <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-112">A pointer to the posted document line, the **Order Line No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-112">A pointer to the posted document line, the **Order Line No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-113">field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-113">field.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-114">An entry number pointing to an item ledger entry, the **Item Entry No.** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-114">An entry number pointing to an item ledger entry, the **Item Entry No.** field.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-115">The functionality of the existing **Entry No.** field, which relates an item ledger entry to a posted document line, handles the typical one-to-one relation when no item tracking numbers exist on the posted document line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-115">The functionality of the existing **Entry No.** field, which relates an item ledger entry to a posted document line, handles the typical one-to-one relation when no item tracking numbers exist on the posted document line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-116">If item tracking numbers exist, then the **Entry No.** field is left blank, and the one-to-many relation is handled by the **Item Entry Relation** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-116">If item tracking numbers exist, then the **Entry No.** field is left blank, and the one-to-many relation is handled by the **Item Entry Relation** table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-117">If the posted document line carries item tracking numbers but only relates to a single item ledger entry, then the **Entry No.** field handles the relation, and the no record is created in the **Item Entry Relation** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-117">If the posted document line carries item tracking numbers but only relates to a single item ledger entry, then the **Entry No.** field handles the relation, and the no record is created in the **Item Entry Relation** table.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="codeunits-80-and-90"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-118">Codeunits 80 and 90</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-118">Codeunits 80 and 90</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-119">To split the item ledger entries during posting, the code in codeunit 80 and codeunit 90, is encircled by loops that run through global temporary record variables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-119">To split the item ledger entries during posting, the code in codeunit 80 and codeunit 90, is encircled by loops that run through global temporary record variables.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-120">This code calls codeunit 22 with an item journal line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-120">This code calls codeunit 22 with an item journal line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-121">These variables are initialised when item tracking numbers exist for the document line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-121">These variables are initialized when item tracking numbers exist for the document line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-122">To keep the code simple, this looping structure is always used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-122">To keep the code simple, this looping structure is always used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-123">If no item tracking numbers exist for the document line, then a single record is inserted, and the loop runs only once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-123">If no item tracking numbers exist for the document line, then a single record is inserted, and the loop runs only once.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="posting-the-item-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-124">Posting the Item Journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-124">Posting the Item Journal</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-125">Item tracking numbers are transferred via the reservation entries that relate to the item ledger entry, and the looping through item tracking numbers occurs in codeunit 22.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-125">Item tracking numbers are transferred via the reservation entries that relate to the item ledger entry, and the looping through item tracking numbers occurs in codeunit 22.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-126">This concept works in the same way when an item journal line is used indirectly to post a sale or purchase order as when an item journal line is used directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-126">This concept works in the same way when an item journal line is used indirectly to post a sale or purchase order as when an item journal line is used directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-127">When the item journal is used directly, the **Source Row ID** field points to the item journal line itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-127">When the item journal is used directly, the **Source Row ID** field points to the item journal line itself.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="code-unit-22"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-128">Code Unit 22</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-128">Code Unit 22</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-129">Codeunits 80 and 90 loop the call of codeunit 22 during the invoice posting of item tracking numbers and during the invoicing of existing shipments or receipts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-129">Codeunits 80 and 90 loop the call of codeunit 22 during the invoice posting of item tracking numbers and during the invoicing of existing shipments or receipts.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-130">During quantity posting of item tracking numbers, codeunit 22 retrieves item tracking numbers from the entries in T337 that relate to the posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-130">During quantity posting of item tracking numbers, codeunit 22 retrieves item tracking numbers from the entries in T337 that relate to the posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-131">These entries are placed directly on the item journal line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-131">These entries are placed directly on the item journal line.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-132">Codeunit 22 loops through the item tracking numbers and splits the posting into the respective item ledger entries that carry the item tracking numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-132">Codeunit 22 loops through the item tracking numbers and splits the posting into the respective item ledger entries that carry the item tracking numbers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-133">Information about which item ledger entries are created is returned to T337 by using a temporary T336 record, which is called by a procedure in codeunit 22.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-133">Information about which item ledger entries are created is returned to T337 by using a temporary T336 record, which is called by a procedure in codeunit 22.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-134">This procedure is triggered when codeunit 22 has finished its run because at that point, the codeunit 22 object contains the information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-134">This procedure is triggered when codeunit 22 has finished its run because at that point, the codeunit 22 object contains the information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-135">When the temporary T336 record is retrieved, codeunits 80 and 90 create records in the **Item Entry Relation** table to link the created item ledger entries to the created shipment or receipt line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-135">When the temporary T336 record is retrieved, codeunits 80 and 90 create records in the **Item Entry Relation** table to link the created item ledger entries to the created shipment or receipt line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-136">Codeunits 80 or codeunit 90 then converts the temporary T336 records to real T336 records that are related to the line in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-136">Codeunits 80 or codeunit 90 then converts the temporary T336 records to real T336 records that are related to the line in question.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a26c7-137">However, this conversion occurs only if the posted document line is not deleted, because it is only partially posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-137">However, this conversion occurs only if the posted document line is not deleted, because it is only partially posted.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a26c7-138">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-138">See Also</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-139">[Design Details: Item Tracking](design-details-item-tracking.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-139">[Design Details: Item Tracking](design-details-item-tracking.md) </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="a26c7-140">Design Details: Item Tracking Design</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a26c7-140">Design Details: Item Tracking Design</span></span>](design-details-item-tracking-design.md)

[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]