---
title: Design Details - Fixed Reorder Qty. | Microsoft Docs
description: The Fixed Reorder Qty. policy is related to inventory planning of typical C-items (low inventory cost, low risk of obsolescence, and/or many items). This policy is usually used in connection with a reorder point reflecting the anticipated demand during the lead time of the item.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 10/01/2019
ms.author: sgroespe
redirect_url: design-details-handling-reordering-policies
ms.openlocfilehash: dd8c4b8cdae3e004e30551798e5a68058b5c38fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: 02e704bc3e01d62072144919774f1244c42827e4
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 10/01/2019
ms.locfileid: "2307244"
---
# <a name="design-details-fixed-reorder-qty"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-104">Design Details: Fixed Reorder Qty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-104">Design Details: Fixed Reorder Qty.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b310d-105">The Fixed Reorder Qty. policy is related to inventory planning of typical C-items (low inventory cost, low risk of obsolescence, and/or many items).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-105">The Fixed Reorder Qty. policy is related to inventory planning of typical C-items (low inventory cost, low risk of obsolescence, and/or many items).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-106">This policy is usually used in connection with a reorder point reflecting the anticipated demand during the lead time of the item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-106">This policy is usually used in connection with a reorder point reflecting the anticipated demand during the lead time of the item.</span></span>  

## <a name="calculated-per-time-bucket"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-107">Calculated per Time Bucket</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-107">Calculated per Time Bucket</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-108">If the planning system detects that the reorder point has been reached or crossed in a given time bucket (reorder cycle) – above or on the reorder point at the start of the period and below or on the reorder point at the end of the period – it will suggest to create a new supply order of the specified reorder quantity and forward schedule it from the first date after the end of the time bucket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-108">If the planning system detects that the reorder point has been reached or crossed in a given time bucket (reorder cycle) – above or on the reorder point at the start of the period and below or on the reorder point at the end of the period – it will suggest to create a new supply order of the specified reorder quantity and forward schedule it from the first date after the end of the time bucket.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-109">The bucketed reorder point concept reduces the number of supply suggestions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-109">The bucketed reorder point concept reduces the number of supply suggestions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-110">This reflects a manual process of frequently walking through the warehouse to check the actual contents in the various bins.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-110">This reflects a manual process of frequently walking through the warehouse to check the actual contents in the various bins.</span></span>  

## <a name="creates-only-necessary-supply"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-111">Creates only Necessary Supply</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-111">Creates only Necessary Supply</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-112">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if supply has already been ordered to be received within the item’s lead time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-112">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if supply has already been ordered to be received within the item’s lead time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-113">If an existing supply order will solve the problem by bringing the projected inventory to or above the reorder point within the lead time, the system will not suggest a new supply order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-113">If an existing supply order will solve the problem by bringing the projected inventory to or above the reorder point within the lead time, the system will not suggest a new supply order.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-114">Supply orders that are created specifically to meet a reorder point is excluded from ordinary supply balancing, and will not in any way be changed afterwards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-114">Supply orders that are created specifically to meet a reorder point is excluded from ordinary supply balancing, and will not in any way be changed afterwards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-115">Consequently, if an item using reorder point is to be phased out (not replenished), it is advisable to review outstanding supply orders manually or change the reordering policy to Lot-for-Lot, whereby the system will reduce or cancel superfluous supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-115">Consequently, if an item using reorder point is to be phased out (not replenished), it is advisable to review outstanding supply orders manually or change the reordering policy to Lot-for-Lot, whereby the system will reduce or cancel superfluous supply.</span></span>  

## <a name="combines-with-order-modifiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-116">Combines with Order Modifiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-116">Combines with Order Modifiers</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-117">The order modifiers, Minimum Order Quantity, Maximum Order Quantity, and Order Multiple, should not play a big role when the fixed reorder quantity policy is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-117">The order modifiers, Minimum Order Quantity, Maximum Order Quantity, and Order Multiple, should not play a big role when the fixed reorder quantity policy is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-118">However, the planning system still takes these modifiers into account and will decrease the quantity to the specified maximum order quantity (and create two or more supplies in order to reach the total order quantity), increase the order to the specified minimum order quantity, or round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-118">However, the planning system still takes these modifiers into account and will decrease the quantity to the specified maximum order quantity (and create two or more supplies in order to reach the total order quantity), increase the order to the specified minimum order quantity, or round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple.</span></span>  

## <a name="combines-with-calendars"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-119">Combines with Calendars</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-119">Combines with Calendars</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-120">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-120">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-121">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-121">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-122">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-122">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-123">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-123">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span></span>  

## <a name="should-not-be-used-with-forecast"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-124">Should Not be Used with Forecast</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-124">Should Not be Used with Forecast</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-125">Because the anticipated demand is already expressed in the reorder point level it is not necessary to include a forecast in the planning of an item using a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-125">Because the anticipated demand is already expressed in the reorder point level it is not necessary to include a forecast in the planning of an item using a reorder point.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-126">If it is relevant to base the plan on a forecast, use the lot-for-lot policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-126">If it is relevant to base the plan on a forecast, use the lot-for-lot policy.</span></span>  

## <a name="must-not-be-used-with-reservations"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-127">Must Not be Used with Reservations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-127">Must Not be Used with Reservations</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-128">If the user has reserved a quantity, for instance a quantity in inventory, for some distant demand, the planning foundation will be disturbed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-128">If the user has reserved a quantity, for instance a quantity in inventory, for some distant demand, the planning foundation will be disturbed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-129">Even if the projected inventory level is acceptable in relation to the reorder point, the quantities might not be available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-129">Even if the projected inventory level is acceptable in relation to the reorder point, the quantities might not be available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b310d-130">The system may try to compensate for that by creating exception orders; however, it is recommended that the Reserve field is set to Never on items that are planned using a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-130">The system may try to compensate for that by creating exception orders; however, it is recommended that the Reserve field is set to Never on items that are planned using a reorder point.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="b310d-131">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-131">See Also</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-132">[Design Details: Reordering Policies](design-details-reordering-policies.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-132">[Design Details: Reordering Policies](design-details-reordering-policies.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-133">[Design Details: Maximum Qty.](design-details-maximum-qty.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-133">[Design Details: Maximum Qty.](design-details-maximum-qty.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-134">[Design Details: Planning Parameters](design-details-planning-parameters.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-134">[Design Details: Planning Parameters](design-details-planning-parameters.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b310d-135">[Design Details: Handling Reordering Policies](design-details-handling-reordering-policies.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-135">[Design Details: Handling Reordering Policies](design-details-handling-reordering-policies.md) </span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="b310d-136">Design Details: Supply Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b310d-136">Design Details: Supply Planning</span></span>](design-details-supply-planning.md)
