---
title: Design Details - Reordering Policies | Microsoft Docs
description: This topic gives an overview of policies for item replenishment.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 10/01/2019
ms.author: sgroespe
redirect_url: design-details-handling-reordering-policies
ms.openlocfilehash: a48e2998195bccb4ac877e8339612f6cfabb0f3b
ms.sourcegitcommit: 02e704bc3e01d62072144919774f1244c42827e4
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 10/01/2019
ms.locfileid: "2303068"
---
# <a name="design-details-reordering-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-103">Design Details: Reordering Policies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-103">Design Details: Reordering Policies</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-104">Reordering policies define how much to order when the item needs to be replenished.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-104">Reordering policies define how much to order when the item needs to be replenished.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-105">Four different reordering policies exist.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-105">Four different reordering policies exist.</span></span>  

## <a name="fixed-reorder-qty"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-106">Fixed Reorder Qty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-106">Fixed Reorder Qty.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-107">The Fixed Reorder Qty. policy is related to inventory planning of typical C-items (low inventory cost, low risk of obsolescence, and/or many items).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-107">The Fixed Reorder Qty. policy is related to inventory planning of typical C-items (low inventory cost, low risk of obsolescence, and/or many items).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-108">This policy is usually used in connection with a reorder point reflecting the anticipated demand during the lead time of the item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-108">This policy is usually used in connection with a reorder point reflecting the anticipated demand during the lead time of the item.</span></span>  

### <a name="calculated-per-time-bucket"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-109">Calculated per Time Bucket</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-109">Calculated per Time Bucket</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-110">If the planning system detects that the reorder point has been reached or crossed in a given time bucket (reorder cycle) – above or on the reorder point at the start of the period and below or on the reorder point at the end of the period – it will suggest to create a new supply order of the specified reorder quantity and forward schedule it from the first date after the end of the time bucket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-110">If the planning system detects that the reorder point has been reached or crossed in a given time bucket (reorder cycle) – above or on the reorder point at the start of the period and below or on the reorder point at the end of the period – it will suggest to create a new supply order of the specified reorder quantity and forward schedule it from the first date after the end of the time bucket.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-111">The bucketed reorder point concept reduces the number of supply suggestions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-111">The bucketed reorder point concept reduces the number of supply suggestions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-112">This reflects a manual process of frequently walking through the warehouse to check the actual contents in the various bins.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-112">This reflects a manual process of frequently walking through the warehouse to check the actual contents in the various bins.</span></span>  

### <a name="creates-only-necessary-supply"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-113">Creates only Necessary Supply</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-113">Creates only Necessary Supply</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-114">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if supply has already been ordered to be received within the item’s lead time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-114">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if supply has already been ordered to be received within the item’s lead time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-115">If an existing supply order will solve the problem by bringing the projected inventory to or above the reorder point within the lead time, the system will not suggest a new supply order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-115">If an existing supply order will solve the problem by bringing the projected inventory to or above the reorder point within the lead time, the system will not suggest a new supply order.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-116">Supply orders that are created specifically to meet a reorder point is excluded from ordinary supply balancing, and will not in any way be changed afterwards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-116">Supply orders that are created specifically to meet a reorder point is excluded from ordinary supply balancing, and will not in any way be changed afterwards.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-117">Consequently, if an item using reorder point is to be phased out (not replenished), it is advisable to review outstanding supply orders manually or change the reordering policy to Lot-for-Lot, whereby the system will reduce or cancel superfluous supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-117">Consequently, if an item using reorder point is to be phased out (not replenished), it is advisable to review outstanding supply orders manually or change the reordering policy to Lot-for-Lot, whereby the system will reduce or cancel superfluous supply.</span></span>  

### <a name="combines-with-order-modifiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-118">Combines with Order Modifiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-118">Combines with Order Modifiers</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-119">The order modifiers, Minimum Order Quantity, Maximum Order Quantity, and Order Multiple, should not play a big role when the fixed reorder quantity policy is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-119">The order modifiers, Minimum Order Quantity, Maximum Order Quantity, and Order Multiple, should not play a big role when the fixed reorder quantity policy is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-120">However, the planning system still takes these modifiers into account and will decrease the quantity to the specified maximum order quantity (and create two or more supplies in order to reach the total order quantity), increase the order to the specified minimum order quantity, or round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-120">However, the planning system still takes these modifiers into account and will decrease the quantity to the specified maximum order quantity (and create two or more supplies in order to reach the total order quantity), increase the order to the specified minimum order quantity, or round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple.</span></span>  

### <a name="combines-with-calendars"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-121">Combines with Calendars</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-121">Combines with Calendars</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-122">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-122">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-123">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-123">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-124">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-124">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-125">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-125">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span></span>  

### <a name="should-not-be-used-with-forecast"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-126">Should Not be Used with Forecast</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-126">Should Not be Used with Forecast</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-127">Because the anticipated demand is already expressed in the reorder point level it is not necessary to include a forecast in the planning of an item using a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-127">Because the anticipated demand is already expressed in the reorder point level it is not necessary to include a forecast in the planning of an item using a reorder point.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-128">If it is relevant to base the plan on a forecast, use the lot-for-lot policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-128">If it is relevant to base the plan on a forecast, use the lot-for-lot policy.</span></span>  

### <a name="must-not-be-used-with-reservations"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-129">Must Not be Used with Reservations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-129">Must Not be Used with Reservations</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="76d23-130">If the user has reserved a quantity, for instance a quantity in inventory, for some distant demand, the planning foundation will be disturbed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-130">If the user has reserved a quantity, for instance a quantity in inventory, for some distant demand, the planning foundation will be disturbed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-131">Even if the projected inventory level is acceptable in relation to the reorder point, the quantities might not be available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-131">Even if the projected inventory level is acceptable in relation to the reorder point, the quantities might not be available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-132">The system may try to compensate for that by creating exception orders; however, it is recommended that the Reserve field is set to Never on items that are planned using a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-132">The system may try to compensate for that by creating exception orders; however, it is recommended that the Reserve field is set to Never on items that are planned using a reorder point.</span></span>

## <a name="maximum-qty"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-133">Maximum Qty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-133">Maximum Qty.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-134">The Maximum Quantity policy is a way to maintain inventory using a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-134">The Maximum Quantity policy is a way to maintain inventory using a reorder point.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-135">Everything regarding the Fixed Reorder Qty. policy also applies to this policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-135">Everything regarding the Fixed Reorder Qty. policy also applies to this policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-136">The only difference is the quantity of the suggested supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-136">The only difference is the quantity of the suggested supply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-137">When using the maximum quantity policy, the reorder quantity will be defined dynamically based on the projected inventory level and will therefore usually differ from order to order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-137">When using the maximum quantity policy, the reorder quantity will be defined dynamically based on the projected inventory level and will therefore usually differ from order to order.</span></span>  

### <a name="calculated-per-time-bucket"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-138">Calculated per Time Bucket</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-138">Calculated per Time Bucket</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-139">The reorder quantity is determined at the point of time (the end of a time bucket) when the planning system detects that the reorder point has been crossed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-139">The reorder quantity is determined at the point of time (the end of a time bucket) when the planning system detects that the reorder point has been crossed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-140">At this time, the system measures the gap from the current projected inventory level up to the specified maximum inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-140">At this time, the system measures the gap from the current projected inventory level up to the specified maximum inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-141">This constitutes the quantity that should be reordered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-141">This constitutes the quantity that should be reordered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-142">The system then checks if supply has already been ordered elsewhere to be received within the lead time and, if so, reduces the quantity of the new supply order by already ordered quantities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-142">The system then checks if supply has already been ordered elsewhere to be received within the lead time and, if so, reduces the quantity of the new supply order by already ordered quantities.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-143">The system will ensure that the projected inventory at least reaches the reorder point level – in case the user has forgotten to specify a maximum inventory quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-143">The system will ensure that the projected inventory at least reaches the reorder point level – in case the user has forgotten to specify a maximum inventory quantity.</span></span>  

### <a name="combines-with-order-modifiers"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-144">Combines with Order Modifiers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-144">Combines with Order Modifiers</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-145">Depending on the setup, it may be best to combine the Maximum Quantity policy with order modifiers to ensure a minimum order quantity or round it to an integer number of purchase units of measure, or split it into more lots as defined by the maximum order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-145">Depending on the setup, it may be best to combine the Maximum Quantity policy with order modifiers to ensure a minimum order quantity or round it to an integer number of purchase units of measure, or split it into more lots as defined by the maximum order quantity.</span></span>  

### <a name="combines-with-calendars"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-146">Combines with Calendars</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-146">Combines with Calendars</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-147">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-147">Before suggesting a new supply order to meet a reorder point, the planning system checks if the order is scheduled for a non-working day, according to any calendars that are  defined in the **Base Calendar Code** field in the **Company Information** and **Location Card** pages.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-148">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-148">If the scheduled date is a non-working day, the planning system moves the order forward to the nearest working date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-149">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-149">This may result in an order that meets a reorder point but does not meet some specific demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-150">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-150">For such unbalanced demand, the planning system creates an extra supply.</span></span>

## <a name="order"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-151">Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-151">Order</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-152">In a make-to-order environment, an item is purchased or produced to exclusively cover a specific demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-152">In a make-to-order environment, an item is purchased or produced to exclusively cover a specific demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-153">Typically it relates to A-items, and the motivation for choosing the order reordering policy can be that the demand is infrequent, the lead-time is insignificant, or the required attributes vary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-153">Typically it relates to A-items, and the motivation for choosing the order reordering policy can be that the demand is infrequent, the lead-time is insignificant, or the required attributes vary.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-154">The application creates an order-to-order link, which acts as a preliminary connection between the supply, a supply order or inventory, and the demand that it is going to fulfil.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-154">The application creates an order-to-order link, which acts as a preliminary connection between the supply, a supply order or inventory, and the demand that it is going to fulfill.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-155">Apart from using the Order policy, the order-to-order link can be applied during planning in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-155">Apart from using the Order policy, the order-to-order link can be applied during planning in the following ways:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="76d23-156">When using the Make-to-Order manufacturing policy to create multi-level or project type production orders (producing needed components on the same production order).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-156">When using the Make-to-Order manufacturing policy to create multi-level or project type production orders (producing needed components on the same production order).</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="76d23-157">When using the Sales Order Planning feature to create a production order from a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-157">When using the Sales Order Planning feature to create a production order from a sales order.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-158">Even if a manufacturing company considers itself as a make-to-order environment, it might be best to use a Lot-for-Lot reordering policy if the items are pure standard without variation in attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-158">Even if a manufacturing company considers itself as a make-to-order environment, it might be best to use a Lot-for-Lot reordering policy if the items are pure standard without variation in attributes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-159">As a result, the system will use unplanned inventory and only accumulates sales orders with the same shipment date or within a defined time bucket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-159">As a result, the system will use unplanned inventory and only accumulates sales orders with the same shipment date or within a defined time bucket.</span></span>  

### <a name="order-to-order-links-and-past-due-dates"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-160">Order-to-Order Links and Past Due Dates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-160">Order-to-Order Links and Past Due Dates</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-161">Unlike most supply-demand sets, linked orders with due dates before the planning starting date are fully planned for by the system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-161">Unlike most supply-demand sets, linked orders with due dates before the planning starting date are fully planned for by the system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-162">The business reason for this exception is that specific demand-supply sets must be synchronised through to execution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-162">The business reason for this exception is that specific demand-supply sets must be synchronized through to execution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-163">For more information about the frozen zone that applies to most demand-supply types, see [Design Details: Dealing with Orders Before the Planning Starting Date](design-details-dealing-with-orders-before-the-planning-starting-date.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-163">For more information about the frozen zone that applies to most demand-supply types, see [Design Details: Dealing with Orders Before the Planning Starting Date](design-details-dealing-with-orders-before-the-planning-starting-date.md).</span></span>

## <a name="lot-for-lot"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-164">Lot-for-Lot</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-164">Lot-for-Lot</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-165">The lot-for-lot policy is the most flexible because the system only reacts on actual demand, plus it acts on anticipated demand from forecast and blanket orders and then settles the order quantity based on the demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-165">The lot-for-lot policy is the most flexible because the system only reacts on actual demand, plus it acts on anticipated demand from forecast and blanket orders and then settles the order quantity based on the demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-166">The lot-for-lot policy is aimed at A- and B-items where inventory can be accepted but should be avoided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-166">The lot-for-lot policy is aimed at A- and B-items where inventory can be accepted but should be avoided.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-167">In some ways, the lot-for-lot policy looks like the Order policy, but it has a generic approach to items; it can accept quantities in inventory, and it bundles demand and corresponding supply in time buckets defined by the user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-167">In some ways, the lot-for-lot policy looks like the Order policy, but it has a generic approach to items; it can accept quantities in inventory, and it bundles demand and corresponding supply in time buckets defined by the user.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-168">The time bucket is defined in the **Time Bucket** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-168">The time bucket is defined in the **Time Bucket** field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-169">The system works with a minimum time bucket of one day, since this is the smallest time unit of measure on demand and supply events in the system (although, in practice, the time unit of measure on production orders and component needs can be seconds).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-169">The system works with a minimum time bucket of one day, since this is the smallest time unit of measure on demand and supply events in the system (although, in practice, the time unit of measure on production orders and component needs can be seconds).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-170">The time bucket also sets limits on when an existing supply order should be rescheduled to meet a given demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-170">The time bucket also sets limits on when an existing supply order should be rescheduled to meet a given demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-171">If the supply lies within the time bucket, it will be rescheduled in or out to meet the demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-171">If the supply lies within the time bucket, it will be rescheduled in or out to meet the demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-172">Otherwise, if it lies earlier, it will cause unnecessary build-up of inventory and should be cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-172">Otherwise, if it lies earlier, it will cause unnecessary build-up of inventory and should be canceled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="76d23-173">If it lies later, a new supply order will be created instead.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-173">If it lies later, a new supply order will be created instead.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-174">With this policy, it is also possible to define a safety stock in order to compensate for possible fluctuations in supply, or to meet sudden demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-174">With this policy, it is also possible to define a safety stock in order to compensate for possible fluctuations in supply, or to meet sudden demand.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="76d23-175">Because the supply order quantity is based on the actual demand it can make sense to use the order modifiers: round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple (or purchase unit of measure), increase the order to a specified minimum order quantity, or decrease the quantity to the specified maximum quantity (and thus create two or more supplies to reach the total needed quantity).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-175">Because the supply order quantity is based on the actual demand it can make sense to use the order modifiers: round the order quantity up to meet a specified order multiple (or purchase unit of measure), increase the order to a specified minimum order quantity, or decrease the quantity to the specified maximum quantity (and thus create two or more supplies to reach the total needed quantity).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="76d23-176">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-176">See Also</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-177">[Design Details: Planning Parameters](design-details-planning-parameters.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-177">[Design Details: Planning Parameters](design-details-planning-parameters.md) </span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="76d23-178">[Design Details: Handling Reordering Policies](design-details-handling-reordering-policies.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-178">[Design Details: Handling Reordering Policies](design-details-handling-reordering-policies.md) </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="76d23-179">Design Details: Supply Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="76d23-179">Design Details: Supply Planning</span></span>](design-details-supply-planning.md)
