---
title: Design Details - Item Tracking and Planning | Microsoft Docs
description: Because they are stored in the reservation system, item tracking numbers are fully coordinated with order tracking records.
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 10/01/2019
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.openlocfilehash: bc6b919a2c54fc4c500f46b1ad7972350b72e1e0
ms.sourcegitcommit: cfc92eefa8b06fb426482f54e393f0e6e222f712
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 12/03/2019
ms.locfileid: "2880272"
---
# <a name="design-details-item-tracking-and-planning"></a><span data-ttu-id="a309c-103">Design Details: Item Tracking and Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-103">Design Details: Item Tracking and Planning</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a309c-104">Because they are stored in the reservation system, item tracking numbers are fully coordinated with order tracking records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-104">Because they are stored in the reservation system, item tracking numbers are fully coordinated with order tracking records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-105">This means that items with order tracking records can be assigned item tracking numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-105">This means that items with order tracking records can be assigned item tracking numbers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-106">Conversely, items that have item tracking numbers can become order tracking records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-106">Conversely, items that have item tracking numbers can become order tracking records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-107">For more information, see [Design Details: Item Tracking Design](design-details-item-tracking-design.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-107">For more information, see [Design Details: Item Tracking Design](design-details-item-tracking-design.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-108">For more information about the integrated systems, see [Design Details: Reservations, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-108">For more information about the integrated systems, see [Design Details: Reservations, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-109">Because order tracking is only concerned with specific item application, the coordination with item tracking numbers only applies to items that are set up to use specific item tracking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-109">Because order tracking is only concerned with specific item application, the coordination with item tracking numbers only applies to items that are set up to use specific item tracking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-110">This is set by the **SN Specific Tracking** and **Lot Specific Tracking** fields on the item card, which specify the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-110">This is set by the **SN Specific Tracking** and **Lot Specific Tracking** fields on the item card, which specify the following:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a309c-111">The item must carry a serial number or lot number when it is posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-111">The item must carry a serial number or lot number when it is posted.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="a309c-112">The item must apply to the same serial number or lot number when it is posted outbound.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-112">The item must apply to the same serial number or lot number when it is posted outbound.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-113">In alignment with standard supply/demand balancing principles, the planning system and the related order tracking feature only match supply and demand carrying item tracking numbers if the item in question uses specific item tracking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-113">In alignment with standard supply/demand balancing principles, the planning system and the related order tracking feature only match supply and demand carrying item tracking numbers if the item in question uses specific item tracking.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-114">In all other cases, the planning and order tracking systems ignore item tracking numbers when they apply supply to meet demand or apply demand to supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-114">In all other cases, the planning and order tracking systems ignore item tracking numbers when they apply supply to meet demand or apply demand to supply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-115">For more information, see [Design Details: Reservation, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-115">For more information, see [Design Details: Reservation, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-116">For example, when order tracking exists for a given item, it implies that records for the item are already in the **Reservation Entry** table, which is the core of the reservation system, before the item tracking numbers are defined.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-116">For example, when order tracking exists for a given item, it implies that records for the item are already in the **Reservation Entry** table, which is the core of the reservation system, before the item tracking numbers are defined.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-117">Therefore, the following coupling restrictions apply to the item tracking numbers to be order tracked:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-117">Therefore, the following coupling restrictions apply to the item tracking numbers to be order tracked:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="a309c-118">Demand with a serial number or lot number can only cover supply with the same serial number or lot number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-118">Demand with a serial number or lot number can only cover supply with the same serial number or lot number.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="a309c-119">Demand without a serial or lot number can cover any supply, with or without a serial or lot number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-119">Demand without a serial or lot number can cover any supply, with or without a serial or lot number.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-120">Apart from their consequences on dynamic order tracking, the item tracking coupling restrictions do not affect the planning system significantly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-120">Apart from their consequences on dynamic order tracking, the item tracking coupling restrictions do not affect the planning system significantly.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-121">On the supply side, a serial or lot number is typically not entered until immediately before the order is posted, such as a purchase receipt into the warehouse.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-121">On the supply side, a serial or lot number is typically not entered until immediately before the order is posted, such as a purchase receipt into the warehouse.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-122">When entering a serial or lot number on the demand side, such as on a sales order, that serial or lot number is already in inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-122">When entering a serial or lot number on the demand side, such as on a sales order, that serial or lot number is already in inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-123">Accordingly, item tracking numbers are typically not an issue in supply planning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-123">Accordingly, item tracking numbers are typically not an issue in supply planning.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-124">For items that use specific item tracking, all demand carrying serial or lot numbers must be matched by corresponding supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-124">For items that use specific item tracking, all demand carrying serial or lot numbers must be matched by corresponding supply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-125">In most cases, it does not make sense to reorder a specific serial or lot number, so the planning of purchase or production supplies is probably not affected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-125">In most cases, it does not make sense to reorder a specific serial or lot number, so the planning of purchase or production supplies is probably not affected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-126">However, when transferring items from one location to another, it is likely that the transfer is for a specific lot, so planning transfer supplies might be affected by the specific coupling restriction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-126">However, when transferring items from one location to another, it is likely that the transfer is for a specific lot, so planning transfer supplies might be affected by the specific coupling restriction.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-127">For more information, see [Design Details: Transfers in Planning](design-details-transfers-in-planning.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-127">For more information, see [Design Details: Transfers in Planning](design-details-transfers-in-planning.md).</span></span>

## <a name="balancing-demand-and-supply"></a><span data-ttu-id="a309c-128">Balancing Demand and Supply</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-128">Balancing Demand and Supply</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="a309c-129">If an item requires specific item tracking, then an order tracking link is made from all the item’s item tracking demand to any corresponding item tracking supply, with the sole limitation that supply should come before demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-129">If an item requires specific item tracking, then an order tracking link is made from all the item’s item tracking demand to any corresponding item tracking supply, with the sole limitation that supply should come before demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-130">If, under those circumstances, no item tracking supply can be found that corresponds to the item tracking-specific demand, then a new item tracking supply is created immediately and without considering order sizing, planning parameters, or rescheduling of existing supply of the same serial or lot number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-130">If, under those circumstances, no item tracking supply can be found that corresponds to the item tracking-specific demand, then a new item tracking supply is created immediately and without considering order sizing, planning parameters, or rescheduling of existing supply of the same serial or lot number.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-131">If item tracking numbers are assigned on the demand side or on the supply side without requiring specific item tracking, then an order track link is made from the demand to that supply, based on the most suitable timing and quantity, as in the usual balancing procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-131">If item tracking numbers are assigned on the demand side or on the supply side without requiring specific item tracking, then an order track link is made from the demand to that supply, based on the most suitable timing and quantity, as in the usual balancing procedure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-132">The specified item tracking number goes into the order tracking record in the same way that any specified item tracking quantity defines one end of the order tracking link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-132">The specified item tracking number goes into the order tracking record in the same way that any specified item tracking quantity defines one end of the order tracking link.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-133">This means that the item tracking number that is entered is preserved while it is also part of the order tracking record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-133">This means that the item tracking number that is entered is preserved while it is also part of the order tracking record.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-134">If item tracking numbers are assigned on the supply side without requiring specific item tracking, then this supply is regarded as fixed by the planning system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-134">If item tracking numbers are assigned on the supply side without requiring specific item tracking, then this supply is regarded as fixed by the planning system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="a309c-135">No resizing or rescheduling is suggested for this supply, but the supply is taken into consideration when the planning system tries to meet the gross requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-135">No resizing or rescheduling is suggested for this supply, but the supply is taken into consideration when the planning system tries to meet the gross requirements.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="a309c-136">For more information, see [Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-136">For more information, see [Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md).</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="a309c-137">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-137">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="a309c-138">Design Details: Item Tracking Design</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-138">Design Details: Item Tracking Design</span></span>](design-details-item-tracking-design.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="a309c-139">Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-139">Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply</span></span>](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="a309c-140">[Design Details: Reservation, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-140">[Design Details: Reservation, Order Tracking, and Action Messaging](design-details-reservation-order-tracking-and-action-messaging.md) </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="a309c-141">Design Details: Supply Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="a309c-141">Design Details: Supply Planning</span></span>](design-details-supply-planning.md)  
