---
title: Work with recurring revenue| Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the available options to automate sending subscription invoices to your customers and register recurring revenue.
author: AndreiPanko
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: recurring, invoicing, subscription, billing
ms.reviewer: edupont
ms.date: 05/27/2020
ms.author: andreipa
ms.openlocfilehash: a0439557ce69b3c53406bd43b3b76cdf9ae73a10
ms.sourcegitcommit: 4545bb597dd9dc4c563b30af762977ee1d815497
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 05/29/2020
ms.locfileid: "3410803"
---
# <a name="work-with-recurring-revenue-in-d365fin"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-103">Work with recurring revenue in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-103">Work with recurring revenue in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-104">Many companies are moving from a business revenue model where revenue is made from a customer's one-time purchase to a subscription model where revenue is made on a recurring basis in return for consistent access to the delivery of a good or service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-104">Many companies are moving from a business revenue model where revenue is made from a customer's one-time purchase to a subscription model where revenue is made on a recurring basis in return for consistent access to the delivery of a good or service.</span></span>
[!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-105">has the following options for automating how you send subscription invoices to your customers and register recurring revenue.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-105">has the following options for automating how you send subscription invoices to your customers and register recurring revenue.</span></span> 

## <a name="register-revenue-with-a-recurring-general-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-106">Register revenue with a recurring general journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-106">Register revenue with a recurring general journal</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-107">A recurring journal is a general journal with specific fields for managing transactions that you post frequently with few or no changes, such as rent, subscriptions, electricity, or heat.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-107">A recurring journal is a general journal with specific fields for managing transactions that you post frequently with few or no changes, such as rent, subscriptions, electricity, or heat.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-108">Using these fields for recurring transactions, you can post both fixed and variable amounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-108">Using these fields for recurring transactions, you can post both fixed and variable amounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-109">With a recurring journal, entries that will be posted regularly need to be typed in only once.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-109">With a recurring journal, entries that will be posted regularly need to be typed in only once.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-110">That is, the accounts, dimensions and dimension values and so on that you enter will be remain in the journal after posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-110">That is, the accounts, dimensions and dimension values and so on that you enter will be remain in the journal after posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-111">If any adjustments are necessary, you can make them with each posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-111">If any adjustments are necessary, you can make them with each posting.</span></span>

### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-112">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-112">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-113">With this option, you define flexible invoicing periods with [Date Formulas](ui-enter-date-ranges.md#using-date-formulas).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-113">With this option, you define flexible invoicing periods with [Date Formulas](ui-enter-date-ranges.md#using-date-formulas).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-114">However, with this option, you cannot print and send invoices in the default version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-114">However, with this option, you cannot print and send invoices in the default version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-115">For more information, see [Working with Recurring Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md#working-with-recurring-journals).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-115">For more information, see [Working with Recurring Journals](ui-work-general-journals.md#working-with-recurring-journals).</span></span>  

## <a name="create-multiple-invoices-based-on-a-recurring-job-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-116">Create multiple invoices based on a recurring job journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-116">Create multiple invoices based on a recurring job journal</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-117">The recurring job journal is a more advanced alternative to the general journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-117">The recurring job journal is a more advanced alternative to the general journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-118">You define Items, Resources and G/L Accounts, that must be repeated for each job, and you specify the frequency of recurrence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-118">You define Items, Resources and G/L Accounts, that must be repeated for each job, and you specify the frequency of recurrence.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-119">After posting a recurring job journal, you can create multiple invoices with the **Create Job Sales Invoice** task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-119">After posting a recurring job journal, you can create multiple invoices with the **Create Job Sales Invoice** task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-120">You can review and post created invoices in the **Sales Invoices** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-120">You can review and post created invoices in the **Sales Invoices** page.</span></span>

### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-121">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-121">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-122">With this option, you follow the standard invoicing procedure with all the benefits of that, including standard and customer layouts for communication preferences.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-122">With this option, you follow the standard invoicing procedure with all the benefits of that, including standard and customer layouts for communication preferences.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-123">You can also define prices for each job individually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-123">You can also define prices for each job individually.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-124">However, for each new customer, you must create a new job and add lines to the recurring journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-124">However, for each new customer, you must create a new job and add lines to the recurring journal.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-125">For more information, see [Create job journal lines](projects-how-record-job-usage.md#to-create-job-journal-lines-manually) and [Create multiple job sales invoices](projects-how-invoice-jobs.md#to-create-multiple-job-sales-invoices).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-125">For more information, see [Create job journal lines](projects-how-record-job-usage.md#to-create-job-journal-lines-manually) and [Create multiple job sales invoices](projects-how-invoice-jobs.md#to-create-multiple-job-sales-invoices).</span></span>

## <a name="create-multiple-invoices-based-on-recurring-sales-lines"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-126">Create multiple invoices based on recurring sales lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-126">Create multiple invoices based on recurring sales lines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-127">If you often need to create sales and purchase lines with similar information, you can set up recurring sales lines that you can then insert on recurring sales and purchase documents, for example, for recurring replenishment orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-127">If you often need to create sales and purchase lines with similar information, you can set up recurring sales lines that you can then insert on recurring sales and purchase documents, for example, for recurring replenishment orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-128">Use the **Create Recurring Sales Invoices** batch job to create sales invoices according to recurring sales lines that are assigned to the customers and with posting dates within the valid-from and valid-to dates that you specify on the recurring sales lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-128">Use the **Create Recurring Sales Invoices** batch job to create sales invoices according to recurring sales lines that are assigned to the customers and with posting dates within the valid-from and valid-to dates that you specify on the recurring sales lines.</span></span>  

### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-129">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-129">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-130">With this option, you can assign the same recurring lines to multiple customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-130">With this option, you can assign the same recurring lines to multiple customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-131">You can define period of validity for the recurring sales lines for specific customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-131">You can define period of validity for the recurring sales lines for specific customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-132">You can assign multiple recurring lines to the same customer and all of them will be included in the invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-132">You can assign multiple recurring lines to the same customer and all of them will be included in the invoice.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-133">However, there is no way to set fixed prices for items because [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] will use the actual prices and discount valid on document date, trying to find best combination that gives the lowest price.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-133">However, there is no way to set fixed prices for items because [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] will use the actual prices and discount valid on document date, trying to find best combination that gives the lowest price.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-134">For more information, see [Create Recurring Sales and Purchase Lines](sales-how-work-standard-lines.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-134">For more information, see [Create Recurring Sales and Purchase Lines](sales-how-work-standard-lines.md).</span></span>

## <a name="recurring-invoices-with-service-contract"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-135">Recurring invoices with service contract</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-135">Recurring invoices with service contract</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-136">A service contract contains the service contract agreements between your customers and your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-136">A service contract contains the service contract agreements between your customers and your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-137">A service contract includes service level agreements and the service items that you service as a part of the contract.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-137">A service contract includes service level agreements and the service items that you service as a part of the contract.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-138">You can define the starting date of the contract, the invoice period, whether or not the contract is prepaid, price update specifications if you plan to change prices while contract is active.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-138">You can define the starting date of the contract, the invoice period, whether or not the contract is prepaid, price update specifications if you plan to change prices while contract is active.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-139">You can use both service items or items in service contract lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-139">You can use both service items or items in service contract lines.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-140">You can create contract templates to define how to create certain types of contracts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-140">You can create contract templates to define how to create certain types of contracts.</span></span>  

### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-141">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-141">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-142">With this option, you use a part of the advanced service management functionality that not limited to issuing of recurring invoices but support repair shop and field service operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-142">With this option, you use a part of the advanced service management functionality that not limited to issuing of recurring invoices but support repair shop and field service operations.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-143">However, this option requires the Premium licence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-143">However, this option requires the Premium license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-144">Setting up service management and maintaining it might not give huge advantages in simpler subscription scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-144">Setting up service management and maintaining it might not give huge advantages in simpler subscription scenarios.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-145">For more information, see [Work with Service Contracts and Service Contract Quotes](service-how-to-create-service-contracts-and-service-contract-quotes.md) and [Invoice several service contracts](service-how-create-invoices.md#to-invoice-several-service-contracts).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-145">For more information, see [Work with Service Contracts and Service Contract Quotes](service-how-to-create-service-contracts-and-service-contract-quotes.md) and [Invoice several service contracts](service-how-create-invoices.md#to-invoice-several-service-contracts).</span></span>

## <a name="related-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-146">Related features</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-146">Related features</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-147">There are several related capabilities in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-147">There are several related capabilities in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

### <a name="blanket-sales-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-148">Blanket sales orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-148">Blanket sales orders</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-149">A blanket sales order represents a framework for a long-term agreement between your company and your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-149">A blanket sales order represents a framework for a long-term agreement between your company and your customer.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-150">A blanket order is typically made when a customer has committed to purchasing large quantities that are to be delivered in several smaller shipments over a certain period of time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-150">A blanket order is typically made when a customer has committed to purchasing large quantities that are to be delivered in several smaller shipments over a certain period of time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-151">Often blanket orders cover only one item with predetermined delivery dates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-151">Often blanket orders cover only one item with predetermined delivery dates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-152">The main reason for using a blanket order rather than a sales order is that quantities entered on a blanket order do not affect item availability, however it can be used for planning purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-152">The main reason for using a blanket order rather than a sales order is that quantities entered on a blanket order do not affect item availability, however it can be used for planning purposes.</span></span>

#### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-153">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-153">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-154">With this option, you use the anticipated demand, so the information is considered during the normal planning routines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-154">With this option, you use the anticipated demand, so the information is considered during the normal planning routines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-155">For more information, see [Demand Forecasts and Blanket Orders](design-details-central-concepts-of-the-planning-system.md#demand-forecasts-and-blanket-orders).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-155">For more information, see [Demand Forecasts and Blanket Orders](design-details-central-concepts-of-the-planning-system.md#demand-forecasts-and-blanket-orders).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-156">However, the default version does not offer an out-of-the-box possibility to process multiple blanket orders in bulk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-156">However, the default version does not offer an out-of-the-box possibility to process multiple blanket orders in bulk.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-157">For more information, see [Work with Blanket Sales Orders](sales-how-to-create-blanket-sales-orders.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-157">For more information, see [Work with Blanket Sales Orders](sales-how-to-create-blanket-sales-orders.md).</span></span>

### <a name="recurring-orders-norway"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-158">Recurring Orders (Norway)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-158">Recurring Orders (Norway)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-159">You can use recurring orders to create blanket order templates so that sales orders can be created based on date intervals that you define.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-159">You can use recurring orders to create blanket order templates so that sales orders can be created based on date intervals that you define.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-160">For example, if you deliver the same sales order every two weeks, you can use a blanket sales order and create recurring orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-160">For example, if you deliver the same sales order every two weeks, you can use a blanket sales order and create recurring orders.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-161">You can use recurring groups to define a range of parameters that show how you make the orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-161">You can use recurring groups to define a range of parameters that show how you make the orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-162">These groups are assigned to blanket orders that have to be created regularly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-162">These groups are assigned to blanket orders that have to be created regularly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-163">To create the recurring orders, you will have to periodically run the create recurring orders process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-163">To create the recurring orders, you will have to periodically run the create recurring orders process.</span></span> 

#### <a name="why-use-this-option"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-164">Why use this option</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-164">Why use this option</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-165">With this option, you can choose between fixed and "best" prices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-165">With this option, you can choose between fixed and "best" prices.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-166">However, this is only available in Norway.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-166">However, this is only available in Norway.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-167">Validity period can be defined on the recurring group level.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-167">Validity period can be defined on the recurring group level.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-168">For more information, see [Recurring Orders (Norway)](/localfunctionality/norway/recurring-orders.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-168">For more information, see [Recurring Orders (Norway)](/localfunctionality/norway/recurring-orders.md).</span></span>

### <a name="recurring-revenue-and-subscription-billing-by-other-providers"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-169">Recurring revenue and subscription billing by other providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-169">Recurring revenue and subscription billing by other providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-170">At [AppSource.microsoft.com](https://appsource.microsoft.com/), you can get extensions for Business Central.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-170">At [AppSource.microsoft.com](https://appsource.microsoft.com/), you can get extensions for Business Central.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-171">Some extensions are provided by Microsoft, and other extensions are provided by other companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-171">Some extensions are provided by Microsoft, and other extensions are provided by other companies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-172">The list of the extensions by other companies grows each month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-172">The list of the extensions by other companies grows each month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d1baa-173">So keep an eye out for [AppSource.microsoft.com](https://appsource.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps?product=dynamics-365%3Bdynamics-365-business-central&page=1) and get apps to help you in your work in Business Central.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-173">So keep an eye out for [AppSource.microsoft.com](https://appsource.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps?product=dynamics-365%3Bdynamics-365-business-central&page=1) and get apps to help you in your work in Business Central.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="d1baa-174">See also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-174">See also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-175">Date Formulas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-175">Date Formulas</span></span>](ui-enter-date-ranges.md#using-date-formulas)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-176">Working with Recurring Journals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-176">Working with Recurring Journals</span></span>](ui-work-general-journals.md#working-with-recurring-journals)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-177">Create job journal lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-177">Create job journal lines</span></span>](projects-how-record-job-usage.md#to-create-job-journal-lines-manually)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-178">Create multiple job sales invoices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-178">Create multiple job sales invoices</span></span>](projects-how-invoice-jobs.md#to-create-multiple-job-sales-invoices)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-179">Create Recurring Sales and Purchase Lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-179">Create Recurring Sales and Purchase Lines</span></span>](sales-how-work-standard-lines.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-180">Work with Service Contracts and Service Contract Quotes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-180">Work with Service Contracts and Service Contract Quotes</span></span>](service-how-to-create-service-contracts-and-service-contract-quotes.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-181">Invoice several service contracts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-181">Invoice several service contracts</span></span>](service-how-create-invoices.md#to-invoice-several-service-contracts)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-182">Demand Forecasts and Blanket Orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-182">Demand Forecasts and Blanket Orders</span></span>](design-details-central-concepts-of-the-planning-system.md#demand-forecasts-and-blanket-orders)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-183">Work with Blanket Sales Orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-183">Work with Blanket Sales Orders</span></span>](sales-how-to-create-blanket-sales-orders.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="d1baa-184">Recurring Orders (Norway)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d1baa-184">Recurring Orders (Norway)</span></span>](/localfunctionality/norway/recurring-orders.md)  
