---
title: Validate GST Registration numbers
description: Let Business Central validate GST registration numbers and other company information for your contacts, customers, and vendors, based on the European Union VIES GST Number Validation service.
author: andregu
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.reviewer: edupont
ms.search.keywords: VAT, posting, tax, value-added tax
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: andregu
ms.openlocfilehash: 9e7c60e884ad65e209a2513d63c9434a90d9b449
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5770307"
---
# <a name="validate-vat-registration-numbers"></a><span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-103">Validate GST Registration numbers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-103">Validate VAT Registration Numbers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-104">It is important that the GST registration numbers you have for customers, vendors, and contacts are valid, if you use [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] in a country that uses GST.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-104">It is important that the VAT registration numbers you have for customers, vendors, and contacts are valid, if you use [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] in a country that uses VAT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-105">For example, companies sometimes change their tax liability status, and in some countries tax authorities might ask you to provide reports, such as the **EC Sales List** report, that list the GST registration numbers you use when you do business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-105">For example, companies sometimes change their tax liability status, and in some countries tax authorities might ask you to provide reports, such as the **EC Sales List** report, that list the VAT registration numbers you use when you do business.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-106">The European Commission provides the VIES VAT Number Validation service on its website, which is public and free.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-106">The European Commission provides the VIES VAT Number Validation service on its website, which is public and free.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-107">[!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] can save you a step and let you use the VIES service to validate and track GST numbers and other company information for customers, vendors, and contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-107">[!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] can save you a step and let you use the VIES service to validate and track VAT numbers and other company information for customers, vendors, and contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-108">The service in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is named **EU VAT Reg. No. Validation Service**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-108">The service in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](includes/prod_short.md)] is named **EU VAT Reg. No. Validation Service**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-109">The service is available on the **Service Connections** page, and you can start using it right away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-109">The service is available on the **Service Connections** page, and you can start using it right away.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-110">The service connection is free, and additional sign up is not required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-110">The service connection is free, and additional sign up is not required.</span></span>

## <a name="configure-the-service-to-verify-vat-registration-numbers-automatically"></a><span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-111">Configure the service to verify GST registration numbers automatically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-111">Configure the service to verify VAT registration numbers automatically</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-112">To enable the **EU GST Reg. No. Validation Service**, open the entry in the **Service Connection** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-112">To enable the **EU VAT Reg. No. Validation Service**, open the entry in the **Service Connection** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-113">If the **Service Endpoint** field is not already filled in, use the **Set Default Endpoint** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-113">If the **Service Endpoint** field is not already filled in, use the **Set Default Endpoint** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-114">Then set the **Enabled** field, and you are good to go.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-114">Then set the **Enabled** field, and you are good to go.</span></span>  

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-115">To enable the validation service, you must have administrator permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-115">To enable the validation service, you must have administrator permissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-116">Optionally, set up templates for the types of GST-related data that you want the service to also check.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-116">Optionally, set up templates for the types of VAT-related data that you want the service to also check.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-117">For more information, see the [Validation templates](#validation-templates) section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-117">For more information, see the [Validation templates](#validation-templates) section.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-118">When you use our service connection, we record a history of VAT numbers and verifications for each customer, vendor, or contact, in the **VAT Registration Log**, so you can easily track them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-118">When you use our service connection, we record a history of VAT numbers and verifications for each customer, vendor, or contact, in the **VAT Registration Log**, so you can easily track them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-119">The log is specific to each customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-119">The log is specific to each customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-120">For example, the log is useful for proving that you have verified that the current GST number is correct.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-120">For example, the log is useful for proving that you have verified that the current VAT number is correct.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-121">When you verify a VAT number, the **Request Identifier** column in the log will reflect that you have taken action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-121">When you verify a VAT number, the **Request Identifier** column in the log will reflect that you have taken action.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-122">You can view the GST Registration log on the Customer, Vendor, or Contact cards, on the **Invoicing** FastTab, by choosing the lookup button in the **GST Registration No.** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-122">You can view the VAT Registration log on the Customer, Vendor, or Contact cards, on the **Invoicing** FastTab, by choosing the lookup button in the **VAT Registration No.** field.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-123">There are a couple of things to note about the VIES VAT Number Validation service:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-123">There are a couple of things to note about the VIES VAT Number Validation service:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-124">The service uses the http protocol, which means that data transferred through the service is not encrypted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-124">The service uses the http protocol, which means that data transferred through the service is not encrypted.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-125">You may experience downtime for this service for which Microsoft is not responsible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-125">You may experience downtime for this service for which Microsoft is not responsible.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-126">The service is part of a broad EU network of national VAT registers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-126">The service is part of a broad EU network of national VAT registers.</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-127">It is your responsibility to check that the data is valid.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-127">It is your responsibility to check that the data is valid.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-128">On occasion, data with errors is returned by the VIES VAT Number Validation service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-128">On occasion, data with errors is returned by the VIES VAT Number Validation service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-129">If validation fails, validate the GST registration numbers on the [web site](https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/vies/), print the result or save it to a shared location, and then add the link to the record for your customer, vendor, or contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-129">If validation fails, validate the VAT registration numbers on the [web site](https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/vies/), print the result or save it to a shared location, and then add the link to the record for your customer, vendor, or contact.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-130">For more information, see [Manage Attachments, Links, and Notes on Cards and Documents](ui-how-add-link-to-record.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-130">For more information, see [Manage Attachments, Links, and Notes on Cards and Documents](ui-how-add-link-to-record.md).</span></span>

## <a name="validation-templates"></a><span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-131">Validation templates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-131">Validation templates</span></span>

[!INCLUDE [2020rw_online_only](includes/2020rw_online_only.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-132">You can use the VIES service to also check other company information, such as the address, as well as the GST registration number.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-132">You can use the VIES service to also check other company information, such as the address, as well as the VAT registration number.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-133">In the **GST Reg. No. Validation Templates** page, create an entry for each country that you want to get further validation for, and then specify the information that you want to get validated automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-133">In the **VAT Reg. No. Validation Templates** page, create an entry for each country that you want to get further validation for, and then specify the information that you want to get validated automatically.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-134">For example, add an entry for Spain where you want to get validation for name, street, city, and postcode, and then another entry for Germany where you just want validation for postcode, for example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-134">For example, add an entry for Spain where you want to get validation for name, street, city, and post code, and then another entry for Germany where you just want validation for post code, for example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-135">Then, in the **EU GST Registration No. Validation Service Setup** page, specify the default template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-135">Then, in the **EU VAT Registration No. Validation Service Setup** page, specify the default template.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-136">Always make sure that the default template works for your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-136">Always make sure that the default template works for your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-137">You can change the default to match your requirements, such as get validation for all fields or no fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-137">You can change the default to match your requirements, such as get validation for all fields or no fields.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-138">The next time that you specify a GST registration number, the service validates the number and any additional data as determined by your validation templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-138">The next time that you specify a VAT registration number, the service validates the number and any additional data as determined by your validation templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-139">If the specified values are different from the values that are returned by the service, you will see the details in the **Validation Details** page where you can accept or reset the values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-139">If the specified values are different from the values that are returned by the service, you will see the details in the **Validation Details** page where you can accept or reset the values.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-140">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-140">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-141">Set Up Value-Added Tax</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-141">Set Up Value-Added Tax</span></span>](finance-setup-vat.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-142">Setting Up Unrealized Value Added Tax</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-142">Setting Up Unrealized Value Added Tax</span></span>](finance-setup-unrealized-vat.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-143">Report GST to a Tax Authority</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-143">Report VAT to a Tax Authority</span></span>](finance-how-report-vat.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-144">Work with GST on Sales and Purchases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-144">Work with VAT on Sales and Purchases</span></span>](finance-work-with-vat.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="6f7b6-145">Local functionality in Business Central</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6f7b6-145">Local functionality in Business Central</span></span>](about-localization.md)  


[!INCLUDE[footer-include](includes/footer-banner.md)]
