---
title: Manage Customers Using Dynamics 365 for Sales| Microsoft Docs
description: You can use Dynamics 365 for Sales from inside Business Central  to map data and have seamless integration and synchronisation in the lead-to-cash process.
documentationcenter: 
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: integration, synchronize, map
ms.date: 01/25/2018
ms.author: edupont
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7fb34e1c9428a64c71ff47be8bcff174649c00d
ms.openlocfilehash: 1198209ce431fcf245ea149fbe7e8af0a25b6e70
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 03/22/2018

---
# <a name="managing-customers-and-sales-created-in-dynamics-365-for-sales"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-103">Managing Customers and Sales Created in Dynamics 365 for Sales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-103">Managing Customers and Sales Created in Dynamics 365 for Sales</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-104">If you use Dynamics 365 for Sales for customer engagement, you can use [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] for order processing and finances and have seamless integration in the lead-to-cash process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-104">If you use Dynamics 365 for Sales for customer engagement, you can use [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] for order processing and finances and have seamless integration in the lead-to-cash process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-105">When your application is set up to integrate with Dynamics 365 for Sales, you have access to Sales data from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] and the other way around in some cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-105">When your application is set up to integrate with Dynamics 365 for Sales, you have access to Sales data from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] and the other way around in some cases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-106">This integration enables you to work with and synchronise data types that are common to both services, such as customers, contacts, and sales information, and keep the data up to date in both locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-106">This integration enables you to work with and synchronize data types that are common to both services, such as customers, contacts, and sales information, and keep the data up to date in both locations.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-107">For example, the sales person in Dynamics 365 for Sales can use the price lists from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] when they create a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-107">For example, the sales person in Dynamics 365 for Sales can use the price lists from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] when they create a sales order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-108">When they add the item to the sales order line in Dynamics 365 for Sales, they are also able to see the inventory level (availability) of the item from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-108">When they add the item to the sales order line in Dynamics 365 for Sales, they are also able to see the inventory level (availability) of the item from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-109">Conversely, order processors in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] can handle the special characteristics of sales orders transferred automatically or manually from Dynamics 365 for Sales, such as automatically create and post valid sales order lines for items or resources that were entered in Sales as write-in products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-109">Conversely, order processors in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] can handle the special characteristics of sales orders transferred automatically or manually from Dynamics 365 for Sales, such as automatically create and post valid sales order lines for items or resources that were entered in Sales as write-in products.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-110">For more information, see the "Handling Special Sales Order Data" section.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-110">For more information, see the "Handling Special Sales Order Data" section.</span></span>  

## <a name="setting-up-the-connection"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-111">Setting up the connection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-111">Setting up the connection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-112">From Home, you can access the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** assisted setup guide that helps you set up the connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-112">From Home, you can access the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** assisted setup guide that helps you set up the connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-113">Once that is done, you will have a seamless coupling of Dynamics 365 for Sales records with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-113">Once that is done, you will have a seamless coupling of Dynamics 365 for Sales records with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-114">The following explains the assisted setup, but you can perform the same tasks manually in the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-114">The following explains the assisted setup, but you can perform the same tasks manually in the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-115">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose which data to synchronise between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-115">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose which data to synchronize between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-116">You can also specify that you want to import your existing Dynamics 365 for Sales solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-116">You can also specify that you want to import your existing Dynamics 365 for Sales solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-117">In that case, you must specify an administrative user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-117">In that case, you must specify an administrative user account.</span></span>

### <a name="setting-up-the-user-account-for-importing-the-solution"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-118">Setting up the user account for importing the solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-118">Setting up the user account for importing the solution</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-119">To import an existing Dynamics 365 for Sales solution, the setup guide uses an administrative account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-119">To import an existing Dynamics 365 for Sales solution, the setup guide uses an administrative account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-120">This account must be a valid user in Dynamics 365 for Sales with the following security roles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-120">This account must be a valid user in Dynamics 365 for Sales with the following security roles:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-121">System Administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-121">System Administrator</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-122">Solution Customizer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-122">Solution Customizer</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-123">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Business Central (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet and [Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-123">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Business Central (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet and [Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-124">This account is only used during the setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-124">This account is only used during the setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-125">Once the solution is imported into [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], the account is no longer needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-125">Once the solution is imported into [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], the account is no longer needed.</span></span>

### <a name="setting-up-the-user-account-for-synchronization"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-126">Setting Up the User Account for Synchronisation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-126">Setting Up the User Account for Synchronization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-127">The integration relies on a shared user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-127">The integration relies on a shared user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-128">So in your Office 365 subscription, you must create a dedicated user that will be used for synchronisation between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-128">So in your Office 365 subscription, you must create a dedicated user that will be used for synchronization between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-129">This account must already be a valid user in Dynamics 365 for Sales, but you do not have to assign security roles to the account because the setup guide will do that for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-129">This account must already be a valid user in Dynamics 365 for Sales, but you do not have to assign security roles to the account because the setup guide will do that for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-130">You must specify this user account one or more times in the setup guide, depending how much synchronisation you want to enable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-130">You must specify this user account one or more times in the setup guide, depending how much synchronization you want to enable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-131">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Business Central (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-131">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Business Central (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-132">If you choose to enable *item availability*, the integration user account must have a web services access key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-132">If you choose to enable *item availability*, the integration user account must have a web services access key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-133">This is a two-step thing in the [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] page for that user account, you must choose the **Change Web Service Key** button; and in the Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection setup guide, you must specify that user as the OData web service user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-133">This is a two-step thing in the [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] page for that user account, you must choose the **Change Web Service Key** button; and in the Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection setup guide, you must specify that user as the OData web service user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-134">If you choose to enable *sales order integration*, you must specify a user that can handle this synchronization - the integration user or another user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-134">If you choose to enable *sales order integration*, you must specify a user that can handle this synchronization - the integration user or another user account.</span></span>

### <a name="coupling-records"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-135">Coupling records</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-135">Coupling records</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-136">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose to synchronise between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-136">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose to synchronize between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-137">But later, you can also set up synchronisation of specific types of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-137">But later, you can also set up synchronization of specific types of data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-138">This is referred to as *coupling*, and this section provides recommendations for what you must take into consideration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-138">This is referred to as *coupling*, and this section provides recommendations for what you must take into consideration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-139">For example, if you want to see Dynamics 365 for Sales accounts as customers in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], you must couple the two types of records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-139">For example, if you want to see Dynamics 365 for Sales accounts as customers in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], you must couple the two types of records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-140">It is not very complicated - you open the **Customer List** window in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], and there is an action in the ribbon to couple this data with Dynamics 365 for Sales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-140">It is not very complicated - you open the **Customer List** window in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], and there is an action in the ribbon to couple this data with Dynamics 365 for Sales.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-141">Then you specify which [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] customers match which accounts in Dynamics 365 for Sales.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-141">Then you specify which [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] customers match which accounts in Dynamics 365 for Sales.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-142">In certain areas, the functionality relies on you couple certain sets of data before other sets of data as shown in the following list:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-142">In certain areas, the functionality relies on you couple certain sets of data before other sets of data as shown in the following list:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-143">Customers and accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-143">Customers and accounts</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-144">Couple salespeople with Dynamics 365 for Sales users first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-144">Couple salespeople with Dynamics 365 for Sales users first</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-145">Items and resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-145">Items and resources</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-146">Couple units of measure with Dynamics 365 for Sales unit groups first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-146">Couple units of measure with Dynamics 365 for Sales unit groups first</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-147">Items and resource prices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-147">Items and resource prices</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-148">Couple customer price groups with Dynamics 365 for Sales prices first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-148">Couple customer price groups with Dynamics 365 for Sales prices first</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-149">If you are using prices in foreign currencies, make sure that you couple currencies to Dynamics 365 for Sales transaction currencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-149">If you are using prices in foreign currencies, make sure that you couple currencies to Dynamics 365 for Sales transaction currencies.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-150">Dynamics 365 for Sales sales orders depends on additional information like customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-150">Dynamics 365 for Sales sales orders depends on additional information like customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-151">In order for Dynamics 365 for Sales sales orders to work seamlessly, you must couple customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-151">In order for Dynamics 365 for Sales sales orders to work seamlessly, you must couple customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources first.</span></span>

### <a name="synchronizing-records-fully"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-152">Synchronising records fully</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-152">Synchronizing records fully</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-153">At the end of the assisted setup guide, you can choose the **Run Full Synchronisation** action to start synchronising all [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records with all related records in the connected Dynamics 365 for Sales solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-153">At the end of the assisted setup guide, you can choose the **Run Full Synchronization** action to start synchronizing all [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records with all related records in the connected Dynamics 365 for Sales solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-154">In the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window, you choose the **Start** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-154">In the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window, you choose the **Start** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-155">The synchronisation then begins to execute jobs according to dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-155">The synchronization then begins to execute jobs according to dependencies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-156">For example, currency records are synchronised before customer records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-156">For example, currency records are synchronized before customer records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-157">The full synchronization may take a long time and will therefore run in the background so that you can continue to work in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-157">The full synchronization may take a long time and will therefore run in the background so that you can continue to work in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-158">To check the progress of individual jobs in a full synchronization, drill down on the **Job Queue Entry Status**, **To Int. Table Job Status**, or **From Int. Table Job Status** field in the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-158">To check the progress of individual jobs in a full synchronization, drill down on the **Job Queue Entry Status**, **To Int. Table Job Status**, or **From Int. Table Job Status** field in the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-159">From the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window, you can get details about full synchronisation at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-159">From the **Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window, you can get details about full synchronization at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-160">From here, you can also open the **Integration Table Mappings** window to see details about the tables in Business Central and in the Dynamics 365 for Sales solution that must be synchronised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-160">From here, you can also open the **Integration Table Mappings** window to see details about the tables in Business Central and in the Dynamics 365 for Sales solution that must be synchronized.</span></span>  

## <a name="handling-special-sales-order-data"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-161">Handling Special Sales Order Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-161">Handling Special Sales Order Data</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-162">Sales orders in Dynamics 365 for Sales will be transferred to [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] automatically if you select the **Automatically Create Sales Orders** check box in the **Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-162">Sales orders in Dynamics 365 for Sales will be transferred to [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] automatically if you select the **Automatically Create Sales Orders** check box in the **Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales Connection Setup** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-163">On such sales orders, the **Name** field on the original order is transferred and mapped to the **External Document Number** field on the sales order in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-163">On such sales orders, the **Name** field on the original order is transferred and mapped to the **External Document Number** field on the sales order in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-164">This can also work if the original sales order contains write-in products, meaning items or resources that are not registered in either product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-164">This can also work if the original sales order contains write-in products, meaning items or resources that are not registered in either product.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-165">In that case, you must fill in the **Write-in Product Type** and **Write-in Product No.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-165">In that case, you must fill in the **Write-in Product Type** and **Write-in Product No.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-166">fields in the **Sales & Receivables Setup** window, so that such non-registered product sales are mapped to a specified item/resource number for financial analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-166">fields in the **Sales & Receivables Setup** window, so that such non-registered product sales are mapped to a specified item/resource number for financial analysis.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-167">If the item description on the original sales order is very long, then an additional sales order line of type Comment is created to hold the full text on the sales order in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-167">If the item description on the original sales order is very long, then an additional sales order line of type Comment is created to hold the full text on the sales order in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-168">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-168">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-169">Relationship Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-169">Relationship Management</span></span>](marketing-relationship-management.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-170">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-170">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-171">[Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-171">[Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-172">[Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-172">[Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="e4cc7-173">Onboard your organisation and users to Business Central (online)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e4cc7-173">Onboard your organization and users to Business Central (online)</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/en-US/Dynamics/crm-customer-center/onboard-your-organization-and-users-to-dynamics-365-online.aspx)  

## [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/free_trial_md.md)]  
## [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/training_link_md.md)]

