---
title: Migrate Data from Dynamics GP with the Data Migration Extension | Microsoft Docs
description: Use the Dynamics GP Data Migration extension to migrate customers, vendors, inventory items, general ledger accounts, open payables and open receivables transactions from Dynamics GP to Business Central .
documentationcenter: 
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms. search.keywords: app, add-in, manifest, customize, import, implement
ms.date: 10/01/2018
ms.author: edupont
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9dbd92409ba02281f008246194f3ce0c53e4e001
ms.openlocfilehash: 357be92799a016b21a123692f7ed612d66005017
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 09/28/2018

---
# <a name="the-dynamics-gp-data-migration-extension"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d62-103">The Dynamics GP Data Migration Extension</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-103">The Dynamics GP Data Migration Extension</span></span> 
<span data-ttu-id="88d62-104">This extension makes it easy to migrate customers, vendors, inventory items, general ledger accounts, open payables and open receivables transactions from Dynamics GP to [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-104">This extension makes it easy to migrate customers, vendors, inventory items, general ledger accounts, open payables and open receivables transactions from Dynamics GP to [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-105">If your business uses Dynamics GP today, you can export the relevant records and then open an assisted setup guide to add the data to [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-105">If your business uses Dynamics GP today, you can export the relevant records and then open an assisted setup guide to add the data to [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-106">For more information, see [Importing Business Data from Other Finance Systems](across-import-data-configuration-packages.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-106">For more information, see [Importing Business Data from Other Finance Systems](across-import-data-configuration-packages.md).</span></span>

## <a name="exporting-data-from-dynamics-gp"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d62-107">Exporting Data from Dynamics GP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-107">Exporting Data from Dynamics GP</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="88d62-108">You must have exported some or all of your existing customers, vendors, inventory items, and general ledger accounts using data export functionality within Dynamics GP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-108">You must have exported some or all of your existing customers, vendors, inventory items, and general ledger accounts using data export functionality within Dynamics GP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-109">When selecting the data to export the following types can be selected:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-109">When selecting the data to export the following types can be selected:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="88d62-110">Account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-110">Account</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="88d62-111">Customer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-111">Customer</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="88d62-112">Item</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-112">Item</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="88d62-113">Vendor</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-113">Vendor</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-114">When the export file is created you will have a zip file that contains several txt files that will be determined by what you selected during the export data process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-114">When the export file is created you will have a zip file that contains several txt files that will be determined by what you selected during the export data process.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="88d62-115">There will also be additional txt files that are generated that contain supporting information needed for setup within your new [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-115">There will also be additional txt files that are generated that contain supporting information needed for setup within your new [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] company.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-116">The Dynamics GP Data Migration extension automatically maps the exported data so that your data is quickly available to you in your new [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-116">The Dynamics GP Data Migration extension automatically maps the exported data so that your data is quickly available to you in your new [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] company.</span></span>

## <a name="whats-new-in-the-october-2018-release"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d62-117">What's New in the October 2018 Release</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-117">What's New in the October 2018 Release</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-118">In this version, we have expanded the amount of data we bring into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] from Dynamics GP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-118">In this version, we have expanded the amount of data we bring into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] from Dynamics GP.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-119">In the migration wizard, you can now choose how you want to migrate the Dynamics GP chart of accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-119">In the migration wizard, you can now choose how you want to migrate the Dynamics GP chart of accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-120">You can migrate the existing chart of accounts, or you can create a new chart of accounts based on the existing chart of accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-120">You can migrate the existing chart of accounts, or you can create a new chart of accounts based on the existing chart of accounts.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-121">If you choose to use the existing chart of accounts, the accounts will be set up as the main account segment from Dynamics GP and the additional segments will be setup as dimensions within [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-121">If you choose to use the existing chart of accounts, the accounts will be set up as the main account segment from Dynamics GP and the additional segments will be setup as dimensions within [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)].</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-122">If you choose to create a new chart of accounts, you will get an additional account information page in the wizard so that you can download the workbook, make the relevant changes, and then import the workbook again to change your accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-122">If you choose to create a new chart of accounts, you will get an additional account information page in the wizard so that you can download the workbook, make the relevant changes, and then import the workbook again to change your accounts.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-123">You will have to download the Excel workbook and map a new account number to each account number in the Excel spreadsheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-123">You will have to download the Excel workbook and map a new account number to each account number in the Excel spreadsheet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-124">Each account will be required to have its own number, or the migration will error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-124">Each account will be required to have its own number, or the migration will error.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-125">When you have completed the mapping, you can continue through the migration wizard by importing the Excel workbook that you just updated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-125">When you have completed the mapping, you can continue through the migration wizard by importing the Excel workbook that you just updated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-126">The wizard will validate that each row has a unique account number and that no rows have an empty new account number in them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-126">The wizard will validate that each row has a unique account number and that no rows have an empty new account number in them.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-127">With the change to the mapping of the chart of account options, you will also note a change to the type of data that comes across into the general journal for the account numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-127">With the change to the mapping of the chart of account options, you will also note a change to the type of data that comes across into the general journal for the account numbers.</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="88d62-128">If you choose to use the existing account numbers, we will bring over the beginning balance of the main segment (new account number) as a summation of the main account number at the time of the migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-128">If you choose to use the existing account numbers, we will bring over the beginning balance of the main segment (new account number) as a summation of the main account number at the time of the migration.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="88d62-129">If you choose to create new account numbers, we will bring summary information for the equivalent of two fiscal years based on the fiscal periods you have set up in Dynamics GP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-129">If you choose to create new account numbers, we will bring summary information for the equivalent of two fiscal years based on the fiscal periods you have set up in Dynamics GP.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-130">In earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)], the wizard migrated a summary transaction for the customer/vendor balance in Dynamics GP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-130">In earlier versions of [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)], the wizard migrated a summary transaction for the customer/vendor balance in Dynamics GP.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-131">Now we bring in the detailed open transactions for customers and vendors at the time of the migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-131">Now we bring in the detailed open transactions for customers and vendors at the time of the migration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-132">What does this mean?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-132">What does this mean?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-133">If your customer has 3 outstanding transactions registered in the Receivables module, the wizard brings those transactions into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] with the outstanding amount as the document amount.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-133">If your customer has 3 outstanding transactions registered in the Receivables module, the wizard brings those transactions into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] with the outstanding amount as the document amount.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-134">This is the same for the Payables module for vendors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-134">This is the same for the Payables module for vendors.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-135">Inventory items are imported with the cost valuation method that was selected when the company setup wizard was run.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-135">Inventory items are imported with the cost valuation method that was selected when the company setup wizard was run.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-136">Service items are automatically assigned the FIFO valuation method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-136">Service items are automatically assigned the FIFO valuation method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-137">Currently we bring in the Quantity on Hand for the items at the time of migration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-137">Currently we bring in the Quantity on Hand for the items at the time of migration.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="88d62-138">This quantity is brought into the blank location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-138">This quantity is brought into the blank location.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="88d62-139">The last option you see in the Data Migration wizard for Dynamics GP is the ability to specify your posting option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-139">The last option you see in the Data Migration wizard for Dynamics GP is the ability to specify your posting option.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-140">This setting specifies if you want to automatically post all transactions in the general journals as soon as the migration moves the data into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)], or if you want to post manually so that all transactions will sit in batches inside the General Journal page so you can verify the information before you post.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-140">This setting specifies if you want to automatically post all transactions in the general journals as soon as the migration moves the data into [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)], or if you want to post manually so that all transactions will sit in batches inside the General Journal page so you can verify the information before you post.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="88d62-141">This option is visible on the Chart of Accounts options page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-141">This option is visible on the Chart of Accounts options page.</span></span>


## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="88d62-142">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-142">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="88d62-143">Importing Business Data from Other Finance Systems</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-143">Importing Business Data from Other Finance Systems</span></span>](across-import-data-configuration-packages.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="88d62-144">[Customizing [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] Using Extensions ](ui-extensions.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="88d62-144">[Customizing [!INCLUDE[prodshort](includes/prodshort.md)] Using Extensions ](ui-extensions.md)</span></span>  

