---
title: Overview of the Tasks for Closing the Books | Microsoft Docs
description: Learn about the process of closing the books for a fiscal year or period, and what happens after you close at the end of a year.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: ''
author: jswymer
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: year closing, close accounting period, close fiscal year, bank account detailed trial balance
ms.date: 10/01/2019
ms.author: jswymer
ms.openlocfilehash: db4ec1033a830cb72b602691797d2b1ff637c2e7
ms.sourcegitcommit: 02e704bc3e01d62072144919774f1244c42827e4
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 10/01/2019
ms.locfileid: "2310124"
---
# <a name="closing-the-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="b2034-103">Closing the Books</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-103">Closing the Books</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b2034-104">After you ensure that all your accounts are up-to-date, and you allocate costs and income, then you can close the books for a fiscal year or period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-104">After you ensure that all your accounts are up-to-date, and you allocate costs and income, then you can close the books for a fiscal year or period.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b2034-105">You are not required to close a year, but doing so will make working in the system easier for you because you will be able to take advantage of the convenient filtering options provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-105">You are not required to close a year, but doing so will make working in the system easier for you because you will be able to take advantage of the convenient filtering options provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-106">You also do not have to worry about losing details of transactions when you close because all details are retained, even after you close the year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-106">You also do not have to worry about losing details of transactions when you close because all details are retained, even after you close the year.</span></span>

## <a name="closing-book-process"></a><span data-ttu-id="b2034-107">Closing Book Process</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-107">Closing Book Process</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b2034-108">The process for closing the book includes these main tasks:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-108">The process for closing the book includes these main tasks:</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="b2034-109">Closing the accounting period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-109">Closing the accounting period.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-110">A fiscal year is defined as one or more open periods as defined on the **Accounting Periods** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-110">A fiscal year is defined as one or more open periods as defined on the **Accounting Periods** page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-111">A typical fiscal year contains 12 periods of one month each, but you can also choose another method of defining a year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-111">A typical fiscal year contains 12 periods of one month each, but you can also choose another method of defining a year.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-112">For more information, see [Close Accounting Periods](year-close-account-periods.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-112">For more information, see [Close Accounting Periods](year-close-account-periods.md).</span></span>
2. <span data-ttu-id="b2034-113">Registering prior-year entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-113">Registering prior-year entries.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-114">When you close a fiscal year, you must enter a number of administrative transactions (such as prepaid and accrued items).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-114">When you close a fiscal year, you must enter a number of administrative transactions (such as prepaid and accrued items).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-115">These transactions are called adjusting entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-115">These transactions are called adjusting entries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-116">There are no special rules for posting these entries, and they (like other entries) contain a check mark in the **Prior-Year Entry** field if they are posted on a date in a closed fiscal year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-116">There are no special rules for posting these entries, and they (like other entries) contain a check mark in the **Prior-Year Entry** field if they are posted on a date in a closed fiscal year.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-117">Even though a fiscal year has been closed, you can still post general ledger entries to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-117">Even though a fiscal year has been closed, you can still post general ledger entries to it.</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="b2034-118">Transferring balances from the income statement accounts to the balance sheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-118">Transferring balances from the income statement accounts to the balance sheet.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-119">After a fiscal year has been closed and all prior-year entries have been posted, the income statement accounts must be closed and the net income for the year must be transferred to an account under owners' equity on the balance sheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-119">After a fiscal year has been closed and all prior-year entries have been posted, the income statement accounts must be closed and the net income for the year must be transferred to an account under owners' equity on the balance sheet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-120">Use the Close Income Statement batch job for this purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-120">Use the Close Income Statement batch job for this purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-121">The batch job processes all general ledger accounts of the type Income Statement and creates entries that reverse their balances.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-121">The batch job processes all general ledger accounts of the type Income Statement and creates entries that reverse their balances.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-122">These entries are placed in a journal from which they can be posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-122">These entries are placed in a journal from which they can be posted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-123">The batch job does not post them automatically, except when an additional reporting currency is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-123">The batch job does not post them automatically, except when an additional reporting currency is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-124">When an additional reporting currency is used, the batch job posts directly to the general ledger.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-124">When an additional reporting currency is used, the batch job posts directly to the general ledger.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-125">For more information, see [Close Income Statement](year-close-income-statement.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-125">For more information, see [Close Income Statement](year-close-income-statement.md).</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="b2034-126">Posting the year-end closing entry along with the offsetting equity account entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-126">Posting the year-end closing entry along with the offsetting equity account entries.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-127">When the Close Income Statement batch job is finished, you post the entries generated by the job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-127">When the Close Income Statement batch job is finished, you post the entries generated by the job.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-128">If you did not specify a retained earnings account in the batch job, then enter one line with a balancing entry that posts the net income to the correct general ledger account under owners' equity on the balance sheet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-128">If you did not specify a retained earnings account in the batch job, then enter one line with a balancing entry that posts the net income to the correct general ledger account under owners' equity on the balance sheet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-129">Finally, post the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-129">Finally, post the journal.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="b2034-130">For more information, see [Post Year-End Closing Entry](year-how-post-year-end-close-entry.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-130">For more information, see [Post Year-End Closing Entry](year-how-post-year-end-close-entry.md).</span></span>

## <a name="what-happens-when-you-close"></a><span data-ttu-id="b2034-131">What Happens When You Close</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-131">What Happens When You Close</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b2034-132">When you close at the end of the year, the system moves your earnings from calculated earnings to the Retained Earnings account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-132">When you close at the end of the year, the system moves your earnings from calculated earnings to the Retained Earnings account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-133">The system also marks the fiscal year as "closed," and marks all subsequent entries for the closed year as "prior year entries."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-133">The system also marks the fiscal year as "closed," and marks all subsequent entries for the closed year as "prior year entries."</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b2034-134">The system then generates a closing entry, but it does not post the entry automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-134">The system then generates a closing entry, but it does not post the entry automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-135">You are given the opportunity to make the offsetting equity account entry or entries, which allows you to decide how to allocate your closing entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-135">You are given the opportunity to make the offsetting equity account entry or entries, which allows you to decide how to allocate your closing entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b2034-136">For example, if your company has several divisions, you can let the system generate a single closing entry for all the divisions, and you can then make an offsetting entry for each division's equity account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-136">For example, if your company has several divisions, you can let the system generate a single closing entry for all the divisions, and you can then make an offsetting entry for each division's equity account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b2034-137">You can post in a previous fiscal year, even after the income statement accounts have been closed, if you run the Close Income Statement batch job again afterward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-137">You can post in a previous fiscal year, even after the income statement accounts have been closed, if you run the Close Income Statement batch job again afterward.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="b2034-138">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-138">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="b2034-139">Open a New Fiscal Year</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-139">Open a New Fiscal Year</span></span>](finance-how-open-new-fiscal-year.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="b2034-140">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b2034-140">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>
