---
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 04/01/2021
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: f6c274f1a7121854c6fe6936655f579c95318ad6
ms.sourcegitcommit: 766e2840fd16efb901d211d7fa64d96766ac99d9
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 03/31/2021
ms.locfileid: "5771647"
---
## <a name="setting-up-electronic-funds-transfer"></a><span data-ttu-id="6a622-101">Setting up Electronic Funds Transfer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-101">Setting up Electronic Funds Transfer</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[prod_short](../../../includes/prod_short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="6a622-102">can export EFT files that you can then upload to your bank's website for additional processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-102">can export EFT files that you can then upload to your bank's website for additional processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-103">To submit EFT files, you must set up the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-103">To submit EFT files, you must set up the following information:</span></span>  

* <span data-ttu-id="6a622-104">You must add EFT information to the bank account or bank accounts that you will use to pay vendors electronically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-104">You must add EFT information to the bank account or bank accounts that you will use to pay vendors electronically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-105">The EFT-specific fields are on the **Bank Account** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-105">The EFT-specific fields are on the **Bank Account** page.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="6a622-106">For those vendors that you want to pay electronically, you must select the **EFT Payment** check box and specify the vendor bank account in the **EFT Vendor Bank Account Code** field on the **Vendor** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-106">For those vendors that you want to pay electronically, you must select the **EFT Payment** check box and specify the vendor bank account in the **EFT Vendor Bank Account Code** field on the **Vendor** page.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="6a622-107">When you have set up bank accounts and vendors, you can create EFT files that are based on entries in the payment journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-107">When you have set up bank accounts and vendors, you can create EFT files that are based on entries in the payment journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-108">When you create an EFT file, an entry is made in the **EFT Register** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-108">When you create an EFT file, an entry is made in the **EFT Register** table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-109">On the **EFT Register** page, you can drill down to see the vendor ledger entries for the EFT file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-109">On the **EFT Register** page, you can drill down to see the vendor ledger entries for the EFT file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-110">On the **Payment Journal** page, you can also import existing EFT register entries to the payment journal by using the **Transfer EFT Register** batch job.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-110">On the **Payment Journal** page, you can also import existing EFT register entries to the payment journal by using the **Transfer EFT Register** batch job.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-111">Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) uses posted and nonposted payments as the basis to calculate withholding tax amounts for applied invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-111">Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) uses posted and nonposted payments as the basis to calculate withholding tax amounts for applied invoices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-112">Payments that are not applied to an invoice can only be exported to an EFT file if the **Skip WHT** check box is selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-112">Payments that are not applied to an invoice can only be exported to an EFT file if the **Skip WHT** check box is selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-113">During export of the EFT file, the payment journal lines are not deleted and cannot be deleted as long as they have a reference to an EFT register.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-113">During export of the EFT file, the payment journal lines are not deleted and cannot be deleted as long as they have a reference to an EFT register.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="6a622-114">To remove the link between the EFT register and payment journal lines, choose the **Cancel Export** action either on the **EFT Register** page or the **Payment Journal** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="6a622-114">To remove the link between the EFT register and payment journal lines, choose the **Cancel Export** action either on the **EFT Register** page or the **Payment Journal** page.</span></span>       
