---
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-accountant
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 10/01/2020
ms.author: edupont
ms.openlocfilehash: dcfc54d36b212b296747d28945324ac46c38cada
ms.sourcegitcommit: 2e7307fbe1eb3b34d0ad9356226a19409054a402
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 12/17/2020
ms.locfileid: "4753633"
---
<span data-ttu-id="294a7-101">People sometimes support more than one company and need to easily switch from working in one company to another in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](prod_short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-101">People sometimes support more than one company and need to easily switch from working in one company to another in [!INCLUDE [prod_short](prod_short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-102">For example, a business might have sales offices in cities and multiple countries, so it has created a separate business unit for each office.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-102">For example, a business might have sales offices in cities and multiple countries, so it has created a separate business unit for each office.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-103">The offices that are in the same country are set up as separate companies in a shared environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-103">The offices that are in the same country are set up as separate companies in a shared environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-104">Other offices are created as companies in separate environments because they are geographically based in other countries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-104">Other offices are created as companies in separate environments because they are geographically based in other countries.</span></span><br><br>  

<span data-ttu-id="294a7-105">What's an environment?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-105">What's an environment?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-106">Companies in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] exist in what are referred to as *environments*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-106">Companies in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] exist in what are referred to as *environments*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-107">There are two types of environments, **Production** and **Sandbox**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-107">There are two types of environments, **Production** and **Sandbox**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-108">In short, production environments contain live business data, and sandbox environments are used as a safe place to test things like new business processes or features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-108">In short, production environments contain live business data, and sandbox environments are used as a safe place to test things like new business processes or features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-109">For more information, see [Types of environments](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/tenant-admin-center-environments#types-of-environments).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-109">For more information, see [Types of environments](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/tenant-admin-center-environments#types-of-environments).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-110">If you have access to a company, you have access to the environment it's in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-110">If you have access to a company, you have access to the environment it's in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-111">If you have access to more than one company, and those companies are in different environments, when you sign in to [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] you must specify the environment that you want to work in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-111">If you have access to more than one company, and those companies are in different environments, when you sign in to [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] you must specify the environment that you want to work in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-112">Environments are particular to a given country, so if your organisation works in multiple countries, you need separate environments for each country.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-112">Environments are particular to a given country, so if your organization works in multiple countries, you need separate environments for each country.</span></span><br><br>  

<span data-ttu-id="294a7-113">What's a company?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-113">What's a company?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-114">Think of a *company* as a container that holds information about a legal entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-114">Think of a *company* as a container that holds information about a legal entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="294a7-115">Using the example above, the business has a sales office in Seattle and another in New York, so it creates a company in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] for each office so that it can manage operations for each office separately.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="294a7-115">Using the example above, the business has a sales office in Seattle and another in New York, so it creates a company in [!INCLUDE[prod_short](prod_short.md)] for each office so that it can manage operations for each office separately.</span></span>  
