---
title: Application Compliance | Microsoft Docs
description: This content contains information about application compliance in relation to Business Central.
author: sorenfriisalexandersen
documentationcenter: ''
ms.service: dynamics365-business-central
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: ''
ms.date: 07/21/2020
ms.author: soalex
ms.openlocfilehash: c4c3beda4ef5febd6b938b61fcd9f6fac774d10e
ms.sourcegitcommit: bdb6d18d512aa76d8d4f477d73ccfb284b0047fc
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-NZ
ms.lasthandoff: 07/21/2020
ms.locfileid: "3611500"
---
# <a name="application-compliance"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-103">Application Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-103">Application Compliance</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-104">This content contains information about application compliance in relation to [!INCLUDE[d365fin](../includes/d365fin_md.md)], like the International Financial Reporting Standards, local functionality, GDPR and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-104">This content contains information about application compliance in relation to [!INCLUDE[d365fin](../includes/d365fin_md.md)], like the International Financial Reporting Standards, local functionality, GDPR and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-105">Confidence in a business management solution is key to running an efficient business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-105">Confidence in a business management solution is key to running an efficient business.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-106">With Business Central companies are empowered to streamline business processes while consistently and cost-efficiently complying with increasing regulation and reporting requirements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-106">With Business Central companies are empowered to streamline business processes while consistently and cost-efficiently complying with increasing regulation and reporting requirements.</span></span>

## <a name="data-privacy"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-107">Data Privacy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-107">Data Privacy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-108">Business Central supports data privacy initiatives like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that went into effect on May 25th 2018.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-108">Business Central supports data privacy initiatives like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that went into effect on May 25th 2018.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-109">Read more about how [Business Central supports GDPR](../admin-responding-to-requests-about-personal-data.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-109">Read more about how [Business Central supports GDPR](../admin-responding-to-requests-about-personal-data.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-110">If you are a developer for Business Central extensions you must know about classifying data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-110">If you are a developer for Business Central extensions you must know about classifying data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-111">Please see [this page](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-classifying-data).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-111">Please see [this page](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-classifying-data).</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-112">If you want to learn more about GDPR from a broader Dynamics 365 perspective, please see [this list of whitepapers](/dynamics365/get-started/gdpr/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-112">If you want to learn more about GDPR from a broader Dynamics 365 perspective, please see [this list of whitepapers](/dynamics365/get-started/gdpr/).</span></span>

## <a name="accounting-processes-and-controls-to-aid-compliance"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-113">Accounting processes and controls to aid compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-113">Accounting processes and controls to aid compliance</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-114">Companies face increasing financial accounting challenges each year.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-114">Companies face increasing financial accounting challenges each year.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-115">Depending on industry, markets, geographic location, and financing needs, an organization may be subject to local generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and one or more of:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-115">Depending on industry, markets, geographic location, and financing needs, an organization may be subject to local generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and one or more of:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-116">The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), a U.S. law passed in 2002 to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-116">The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), a U.S. law passed in 2002 to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-117">The International Financial Reporting Standards section of the European Union's International Accounting Standards (IAS/IFRS), which went into effect in 2005 and sets forth international accounting standards for recognition, measurement, consolidation, and reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-117">The International Financial Reporting Standards section of the European Union's International Accounting Standards (IAS/IFRS), which went into effect in 2005 and sets forth international accounting standards for recognition, measurement, consolidation, and reporting.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-118">The New Basel Accord (Basel II), enacted in 2006 to address issues of financial institution risk and to promote greater stability in the overall financial system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-118">The New Basel Accord (Basel II), enacted in 2006 to address issues of financial institution risk and to promote greater stability in the overall financial system.</span></span>

## <a name="good-practices-with-technology"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-119">Good practices with technology</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-119">Good practices with technology</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-120">Compliance depends not only on accurate information and appropriate accounting processes, but also on the people who set up and administer those processes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-120">Compliance depends not only on accurate information and appropriate accounting processes, but also on the people who set up and administer those processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-121">An effective business management solution can facilitate compliance by helping to manage valid and accessible information through transparent processes that have been set up in compliance with industry and regulatory standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-121">An effective business management solution can facilitate compliance by helping to manage valid and accessible information through transparent processes that have been set up in compliance with industry and regulatory standards.</span></span>

## <a name="realize-the-benefits-of-an-integrated-business-management-solution"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-122">Realize the benefits of an integrated business management solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-122">Realize the benefits of an integrated business management solution</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-123">Business Central delivers real-time, integrated operational and financial information from across your organization, so you can:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-123">Business Central delivers real-time, integrated operational and financial information from across your organization, so you can:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-124">Track financial data through custom account schedules    for cash flow, revenues, balance sheets, fixed assets, capital structure, key performance indicators, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-124">Track financial data through custom account schedules    for cash flow, revenues, balance sheets, fixed assets, capital structure, key performance indicators, and more.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-125">Help safeguard accuracy with role-based security and configurable application controls that prevent invalid or duplicate data entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-125">Help safeguard accuracy with role-based security and configurable application controls that prevent invalid or duplicate data entry.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-126">Quickly and easily generate financial    reports    in accordance with applicable regulatory standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-126">Quickly and easily generate financial    reports    in accordance with applicable regulatory standards.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-127">Maintain comprehensive audit trails with drill-down and drill-around functionality and change logs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-127">Maintain comprehensive audit trails with drill-down and drill-around functionality and change logs.</span></span>

## <a name="gain-control-of-critical-information-processes-and-reports"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-128">Gain control of critical information, processes, and reports</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-128">Gain control of critical information, processes, and reports</span></span>

### <a name="manage-compliance-to-the-standards-that-matter"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-129">Manage compliance to the standards that matter</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-129">Manage compliance to the standards that matter</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-130">Deliver integrated information, aligned processes, and easy-to-use tools to help your people meet the financial management expectations and standards that matter to your specific business.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-130">Deliver integrated information, aligned processes, and easy-to-use tools to help your people meet the financial management expectations and standards that matter to your specific business.</span></span>

### <a name="tailor-account-schedules-to-your-needs"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-131">Tailor account schedules to your needs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-131">Tailor account schedules to your needs</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-132">Define the structure of your company's chart of accounts based on business requirements and applicable regulatory standards</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-132">Define the structure of your company's chart of accounts based on business requirements and applicable regulatory standards</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-133">Create accounts and handle complex processes related to a spectrum of business activities, including inventory valuation, foreign currencies, segment reporting, and departures from local GAAPs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-133">Create accounts and handle complex processes related to a spectrum of business activities, including inventory valuation, foreign currencies, segment reporting, and departures from local GAAPs.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-134">Control the level of detail for each recorded transaction    and select detailed registration for specific types of transactions, such as fixed assets and accounts payable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-134">Control the level of detail for each recorded transaction    and select detailed registration for specific types of transactions, such as fixed assets and accounts payable.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-135">Tailor schedule calculations and display for financial reporting, or export the information to Microsoft Excel for further analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-135">Tailor schedule calculations and display for financial reporting, or export the information to Microsoft Excel for further analysis.</span></span>

### <a name="improve-information-validity"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-136">Improve information validity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-136">Improve information validity</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-137">Configure data fields to accept only information in the correct format, such as the correct number of decimal places or alphanumeric patterns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-137">Configure data fields to accept only information in the correct format, such as the correct number of decimal places or alphanumeric patterns.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-138">Help ensure information is complete with application controls such as requiring a vendor invoice number to be entered before a purchase order can be posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-138">Help ensure information is complete with application controls such as requiring a vendor invoice number to be entered before a purchase order can be posted.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-139">Reduce the risk of inaccurate information    or tampering and help protect sensitive information with access to information based on job role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-139">Reduce the risk of inaccurate information    or tampering and help protect sensitive information with access to information based on job role.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-140">Prohibit access, provide read-only access, or enable full-access users to add, edit, or delete information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-140">Prohibit access, provide read-only access, or enable full-access users to add, edit, or delete information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-141">Easily identify and resolve discrepancies    with a    reconciliation feature that retrieves current bank account and transaction information and compares it to general ledger posts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-141">Easily identify and resolve discrepancies    with a    reconciliation feature that retrieves current bank account and transaction information and compares it to general ledger posts.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-142">Schedule manual or automatic backups to help protect information from electronic failures</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-142">Schedule manual or automatic backups to help protect information from electronic failures</span></span>

### <a name="comply-quickly-with-discovery-requests-and-reporting-demands"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-143">Comply quickly with discovery requests and reporting demands</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-143">Comply quickly with discovery requests and reporting demands</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-144">Save time    when you create    standard reports that use common business parameters and criteria to satisfy typical reporting needs, ranging from order summaries to ageing accounts receivable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-144">Save time    when you create    standard reports that use common business parameters and criteria to satisfy typical reporting needs, ranging from order summaries to aging accounts receivable.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-145">Perform complex reviews with basic or    advanced business analytics functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-145">Perform complex reviews with basic or    advanced business analytics functionality.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-146">Create custom reports and display in product and by utilizing integration to Microsoft PowerBI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-146">Create custom reports and display in product and by utilizing integration to Microsoft PowerBI.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-147">Speed    transmission of    financial information to customers, shareholders, regulatory agencies, and the public with XML-based XBRL documents that support the exchange of financial information across different software and technologies, including the Internet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-147">Speed    transmission of    financial information to customers, shareholders, regulatory agencies, and the public with XML-based XBRL documents that support the exchange of financial information across different software and technologies, including the Internet.</span></span>

### <a name="help-ensure-clear-audit-trails"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-148">Help ensure clear audit trails</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-148">Help ensure clear audit trails</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-149">Trace documents and information both forward and backward through the system, from the original source to final financial statements and back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-149">Trace documents and information both forward and backward through the system, from the original source to final financial statements and back.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-150">Identify how, when, and by whom information was entered or edited, and to what account financial entries have been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-150">Identify how, when, and by whom information was entered or edited, and to what account financial entries have been posted.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-151">Look up database changes, including previous and revised data, in the solution's [Change Log](../across-log-changes.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-151">Look up database changes, including previous and revised data, in the solution's [Change Log](../across-log-changes.md).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-152">Increase audit trail transparency and usability, and speed information access for third-party auditors with drill-down, look-up, filtering, register, and navigation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-152">Increase audit trail transparency and usability, and speed information access for third-party auditors with drill-down, look-up, filtering, register, and navigation</span></span>

## <a name="compliance-and-local-functionality"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-153">Compliance and local functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-153">Compliance and local functionality</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-154">Microsoft builds localised versions of Business Central for a limited number of markets.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-154">Microsoft builds localized versions of Business Central for a limited number of markets.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-155">These localizations primarily focus on regulatory features in the tax and financial area but can sometimes involve other parts of the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-155">These localizations primarily focus on regulatory features in the tax and financial area but can sometimes involve other parts of the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-156">If you want to see what is built in Microsoft's localised versions of Business Central, see **Local Functionality** in the menu on this website and choose a country to learn about local functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-156">If you want to see what is built in Microsoft's localized versions of Business Central, see **Local Functionality** in the menu on this website and choose a country to learn about local functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-157">For more information, see [Local Functionality](../about-localization.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-157">For more information, see [Local Functionality](../about-localization.md).</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-158">**Sarbanes-Oxley: Validating Data and Processes**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-158">**Sarbanes-Oxley: Validating Data and Processes**</span></span>  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-159">The Sarbanes-Oxley Act establishes standards for all U.S. public company boards, management, and public accounting firms, including evaluation and disclosure    of    the    adequacy    of    the    company's    internal    controls over financial reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-159">The Sarbanes-Oxley Act establishes standards for all U.S. public company boards, management, and public accounting firms, including evaluation and disclosure    of    the    adequacy    of    the    company's    internal    controls over financial reporting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-160">Documenting and testing critical manual and automated controls represents a huge commitment of time and resources for companies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-160">Documenting and testing critical manual and automated controls represents a huge commitment of time and resources for companies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-161">Business Central is especially suited for subsidiaries of larger organizations, and can help support small to midsized businesses in complying with Sarbanes-Oxley.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-161">Business Central is especially suited for subsidiaries of larger organizations, and can help support small to midsized businesses in complying with Sarbanes-Oxley.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-162">**IAS/IFRS: Recognition and Measurement Standards**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-162">**IAS/IFRS: Recognition and Measurement Standards**</span></span>  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-163">Depending on the local GAAPs currently in use, one of the major recognition and measurement changes for IAS/IFRS is extended use of fair-value principles instead of historical cost.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-163">Depending on the local GAAPs currently in use, one of the major recognition and measurement changes for IAS/IFRS is extended use of fair-value principles instead of historical cost.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-164">Business Central can help companies calculate fair-value and net present value (NPV) concepts, which are focused on current and expected cash flow streams rather than historical purchase price.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-164">Business Central can help companies calculate fair-value and net present value (NPV) concepts, which are focused on current and expected cash flow streams rather than historical purchase price.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-165">On the reporting side, it can provide segment reporting by business unit and geographical location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-165">On the reporting side, it can provide segment reporting by business unit and geographical location.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-166">**Basel II: Implications for Reporting and Analysis**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-166">**Basel II: Implications for Reporting and Analysis**</span></span>  
> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-167">Basel II, developed by the Bank for International Settlements, helps ensure safety and security in the financial system in three key areas: minimum capital requirements, supervisory review process, and market discipline.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-167">Basel II, developed by the Bank for International Settlements, helps ensure safety and security in the financial system in three key areas: minimum capital requirements, supervisory review process, and market discipline.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4f14e-168">Although the accord applies to financial institutions and does not target small and mid-sized businesses, Basel II may have some implications for these organizations in reporting  and analysis.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-168">Although the accord applies to financial institutions and does not target small and mid-sized businesses, Basel II may have some implications for these organizations in reporting  and analysis.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="4f14e-169">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-169">See Also</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-170">Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-170">Compliance</span></span>](compliance-overview.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-171">Service Compliance</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-171">Service Compliance</span></span>](compliance-service-compliance.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4f14e-172">Certifications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4f14e-172">Certifications</span></span>](compliance-certifications.md)  

 ## [!INCLUDE[d365fin](../includes/free_trial_md.md)]  
 
