---
title: Electronic documents in Dynamics 365 Business edition   | Microsoft Docs
description: Introduction to sending and receiving electronic documents in Dynamics 365.
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: 
ms.date: 09/19/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: aa56764b5f3210229ad21eae6891fb201462209c
ms.openlocfilehash: dca451d2555641dc1c1fc134b19380b3ede2690b
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 12/14/2017

---

# <a name="exchanging-data-electronically"></a><span data-ttu-id="9b938-103">Exchanging Data Electronically</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-103">Exchanging Data Electronically</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9b938-104">You can use the Data Exchange Framework to exchange business documents, bank files, currency exchange rates, and any other data files with your business partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-104">You can use the Data Exchange Framework to exchange business documents, bank files, currency exchange rates, and any other data files with your business partners.</span></span>

## <a name="electronic-documents"></a><span data-ttu-id="9b938-105">Electronic Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-105">Electronic Documents</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="9b938-106">As an alternative to emailing as file attachments, you can send and receive business documents electronically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-106">As an alternative to emailing as file attachments, you can send and receive business documents electronically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-107">By electronic document is meant a standard-compliant file representing a business document, such as an invoice from a vendor that you can receive and convert to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-107">By electronic document is meant a standard-compliant file representing a business document, such as an invoice from a vendor that you can receive and convert to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-108">The exchange of electronic documents between two trading partners is performed by an external provider of document exchange services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-108">The exchange of electronic documents between two trading partners is performed by an external provider of document exchange services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-109">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports sending and receiving electronic invoices and credit memos in the PEPPOL format, which is supported by the largest providers of document exchange services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-109">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports sending and receiving electronic invoices and credit memos in the PEPPOL format, which is supported by the largest providers of document exchange services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-110">A major provider of document exchange services is preconfigured and ready to be set up for your company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-110">A major provider of document exchange services is preconfigured and ready to be set up for your company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-111">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you must create new date exchange definitions using the Data Exchange Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-111">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you must create new date exchange definitions using the Data Exchange Framework.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-112">From PDF or image files representing incoming documents, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) create electronic documents that you can then convert to document records in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], like for electronic PEPPOL documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-112">From PDF or image files representing incoming documents, you can have an external OCR service (Optical Character Recognition) create electronic documents that you can then convert to document records in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], like for electronic PEPPOL documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-113">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-113">For example, when you receive an invoice in PDF format from your vendor, you can send it to the OCR service from the **Incoming Documents** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-114">After a few seconds, you receive the file back as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-114">After a few seconds, you receive the file back as an electronic invoice that can be converted to a purchase invoice for the vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-115">If you send the file to the OCR service by email, then a new incoming document record is automatically created when you receive the electronic document back.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-115">If you send the file to the OCR service by email, then a new incoming document record is automatically created when you receive the electronic document back.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-116">To send, for example, a sales invoice as an electronic PEPPOL document, you select the **Electronic Document** option in the **Post and Send** dialogue box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-116">To send, for example, a sales invoice as an electronic PEPPOL document, you select the **Electronic Document** option in the **Post and Send** dialog box.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-117">From here, you can also set up the customer’s default document sending profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-117">From here, you can also set up the customer’s default document sending profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-118">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, customers, items, and units of measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-118">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, customers, items, and units of measure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-119">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  to elements in the outgoing document file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-119">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  to elements in the outgoing document file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-120">The data conversion and sending of the PEPPOL sales invoice are performed by dedicated codeunits and XMLports, represented by the **PEPPOL** electronic document format.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-120">The data conversion and sending of the PEPPOL sales invoice are performed by dedicated codeunits and XMLports, represented by the **PEPPOL** electronic document format.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-121">To receive, for example, an invoice from a vendor as an electronic PEPPOL document, you process the document in the **Incoming Documents** window to convert it to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-121">To receive, for example, an invoice from a vendor as an electronic PEPPOL document, you process the document in the **Incoming Documents** window to convert it to a purchase invoice in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-122">You can either set up the Job Queue feature to process such files regularly or you can start the process manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-122">You can either set up the Job Queue feature to process such files regularly or you can start the process manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-123">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, vendors, items, and units of measure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-123">First, you must set up various master data, such as company information, vendors, items, and units of measure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-124">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in elements in the incoming document file to fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-124">These are used to identify the business partners and items when you convert data in elements in the incoming document file to fields in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-125">The receiving and data conversion of PEPPOL invoices are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **PEPPOL - Invoice** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-125">The receiving and data conversion of PEPPOL invoices are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **PEPPOL - Invoice** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="9b938-126">To receive, for example, an invoice as an electronic OCR document, you process it as when you receive an electronic PEPPOL document.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-126">To receive, for example, an invoice as an electronic OCR document, you process it as when you receive an electronic PEPPOL document.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-127">The receiving and conversion of electronic documents from OCR are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **OCR – Invoice** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-127">The receiving and conversion of electronic documents from OCR are performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **OCR – Invoice** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

## <a name="bank-files"></a><span data-ttu-id="9b938-128">Bank Files</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-128">Bank Files</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="9b938-129">The formats of files for exchange of bank data with ERP systems vary depending on the supplier of the file and on the country/region.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-129">The formats of files for exchange of bank data with ERP systems vary depending on the supplier of the file and on the country/region.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-130">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports import and export of SEPA bank files (Single Euro Payments Area) and a bank data conversion service provided by external provider, AMC Consult.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-130">The generic version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  supports import and export of SEPA bank files (Single Euro Payments Area) and a bank data conversion service provided by external provider, AMC Consult.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-131">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you use the Data Exchange Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-131">To provide support for other electronic document formats, you use the Data Exchange Framework.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-132">To export SEPA credit transfers, you choose **Export Payments to File** button in the **Payment Journal** window and then upload the file to process the payments in your bank.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-132">To export SEPA credit transfers, you choose **Export Payments to File** button in the **Payment Journal** window and then upload the file to process the payments in your bank.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-133">First you must set up various master data, such as bank account, vendors, and payment methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-133">First you must set up various master data, such as bank account, vendors, and payment methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-134">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by a dedicated codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Credit Transfer** bank export/import setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-134">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by a dedicated codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Credit Transfer** bank export/import setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-135">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the export, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service - Credit Transfer** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-135">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the export, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service - Credit Transfer** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-136">To export SEPA direct debit instructions, you choose the **Export Direct Debit File** button in the **Direct Debit Collections** window and then send to your bank to automatically collect the involved customer payments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-136">To export SEPA direct debit instructions, you choose the **Export Direct Debit File** button in the **Direct Debit Collections** window and then send to your bank to automatically collect the involved customer payments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-137">First you must set up bank accounts, customers, direct-debit mandates, and payment methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-137">First you must set up bank accounts, customers, direct-debit mandates, and payment methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-138">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by dedicated a codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Direct Debit** bank export/import setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-138">The data conversion and export of SEPA bank data is performed by dedicated a codeunit and XMLport, represented by the **SEPA Direct Debit** bank export/import setup.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-139">To import SEPA bank statements, you choose the Import Bank Statement button in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** and **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** windows and then you proceed to apply each bank statement entry to payments or bank ledger entries, manually or automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-139">To import SEPA bank statements, you choose the Import Bank Statement button in the **Payment Reconciliation Journal** and **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** windows and then you proceed to apply each bank statement entry to payments or bank ledger entries, manually or automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-140">First you must set up bank accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-140">First you must set up bank accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-141">The import and data conversion of SEPA bank data is performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **SEPA CAMT** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-141">The import and data conversion of SEPA bank data is performed by the Data Exchange Framework, represented by the **SEPA CAMT** data exchange definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-142">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the import, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service – Bank Statement** data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-142">Alternatively, you can set up the bank data conversion service to perform the import, represented by the **Bank Data Conversion Service – Bank Statement** data exchange definition.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="9b938-143">In addition, the local versions of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] support various other file formats for import/export of bank data, payroll transactions, and other data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-143">In addition, the local versions of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] support various other file formats for import/export of bank data, payroll transactions, and other data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-144">For more information, see the “Local Functionality” Help section in your country version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-144">For more information, see the “Local Functionality” Help section in your country version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] .</span></span>  

## <a name="currency-exchange-rates"></a><span data-ttu-id="9b938-145">Currency Exchange Rates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-145">Currency Exchange Rates</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="9b938-146">You can set up an external service to keep your for currency exchange rates up to date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-146">You can set up an external service to keep your for currency exchange rates up to date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-147">The service that provides updated currency exchange rates is enabled by a data exchange definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-147">The service that provides updated currency exchange rates is enabled by a data exchange definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-148">Accordingly, the **Exch. Rate Update Setup Card** window is a condensed view of the **Data Exchange Definition** window for the data exchange definition in question.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-148">Accordingly, the **Exch. Rate Update Setup Card** window is a condensed view of the **Data Exchange Definition** window for the data exchange definition in question.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-149">For all exchanges of data in XML files, you can prepare the data exchange setup by loading the related XML schema file in the **XML Schema Viewer** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-149">For all exchanges of data in XML files, you can prepare the data exchange setup by loading the related XML schema file in the **XML Schema Viewer** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-150">Here you select the data elements that you want to exchange with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  and then you either initialise a data exchange definition or generate an XMLport.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-150">Here you select the data elements that you want to exchange with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]  and then you either initialize a data exchange definition or generate an XMLport.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="9b938-151">The following table describes a sequence of tasks, with links to the topics that describe them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-151">The following table describes a sequence of tasks, with links to the topics that describe them.</span></span>  

|<span data-ttu-id="9b938-152">To</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-152">To</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="9b938-153">See</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-153">See</span></span>|  
|--------|---------|  
|<span data-ttu-id="9b938-154">Learn how the Data Exchange Framework works.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-154">Learn how the Data Exchange Framework works.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-155">About the Data Exchange Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-155">About the Data Exchange Framework</span></span>](across-about-the-data-exchange-framework.md)|  
|<span data-ttu-id="9b938-156">Prepare to exchange data in a file by reusing the file’s XML schema.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-156">Prepare to exchange data in a file by reusing the file’s XML schema.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-157">Set up data exchange definitions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-157">Set up data exchange definitions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-158">Set up master data for electronic document sending.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-158">Set up master data for electronic document sending.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9b938-159">Set up various bank import/export fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-159">Set up various bank import/export fields.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-160">Setting Up Data Exchange</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-160">Setting Up Data Exchange</span></span>](across-set-up-data-exchange.md)|  
|<span data-ttu-id="9b938-161">Based on data exchange definitions, send PEPPOL invoices, receive PEPPOL invoices, import bank statements, and export bank payment files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-161">Based on data exchange definitions, send PEPPOL invoices, receive PEPPOL invoices, import bank statements, and export bank payment files.</span></span>|[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-162">Exchanging Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-162">Exchanging Data</span></span>](across-exchange-data.md)|  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="9b938-163">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-163">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-164">About the Data Exchange Framework</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-164">About the Data Exchange Framework</span></span>](across-about-the-data-exchange-framework.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-165">How to: Use XML Schemas to Prepare Data Exchange Definitions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-165">How to: Use XML Schemas to Prepare Data Exchange Definitions</span></span>](across-how-to-use-xml-schemas-to-prepare-data-exchange-definitions.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-166">Setting Up Data Exchange</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-166">Setting Up Data Exchange</span></span>](across-set-up-data-exchange.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-167">Exchanging Data</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-167">Exchanging Data</span></span>](across-exchange-data.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-168">Incoming Documents</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-168">Incoming Documents</span></span>](across-income-documents.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="9b938-169">General Business Functionality</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9b938-169">General Business Functionality</span></span>](ui-across-business-areas.md)

