---
title: Design Details - Loading the Inventory Profiles | Microsoft Docs
description: To sort out the many sources of demand and supply, the planning system organises them on two timelines called inventory profiles.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: 
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: 
ms.date: 07/01/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: ba26b354d235981bd7291f9ac6402779f554ac7a
ms.openlocfilehash: d2a2ee196be4562f62604afd4faed608ff07411f
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 12/14/2017

---
# <a name="design-details-loading-the-inventory-profiles"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-103">Design Details: Loading the Inventory Profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-103">Design Details: Loading the Inventory Profiles</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="0a43d-104">To sort out the many sources of demand and supply, the planning system organises them on two timelines called inventory profiles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-104">To sort out the many sources of demand and supply, the planning system organizes them on two timelines called inventory profiles.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-105">The normal types of demand and supply with due dates on or after the planning starting date are loaded into each inventory profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-105">The normal types of demand and supply with due dates on or after the planning starting date are loaded into each inventory profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-106">When loaded, the different demand and supply types are sorted according to overall priorities, such as due date, low-level codes, location, and variant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-106">When loaded, the different demand and supply types are sorted according to overall priorities, such as due date, low-level codes, location, and variant.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-107">In addition, order priorities are applied to the different types to ensure that the most important demand is fulfilled first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-107">In addition, order priorities are applied to the different types to ensure that the most important demand is fulfilled first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-108">For more information, see [Design Details: Prioritising Orders](design-details-prioritizing-orders.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-108">For more information, see [Design Details: Prioritizing Orders](design-details-prioritizing-orders.md).</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-109">As previously mentioned, demand could also be negative.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-109">As previously mentioned, demand could also be negative.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-110">This means that it should be treated as supply; however, unlike the normal types of supply, negative demand is considered fixed supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-110">This means that it should be treated as supply; however, unlike the normal types of supply, negative demand is considered fixed supply.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-111">The planning system can take it into account, but will not suggest any changes to it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-111">The planning system can take it into account, but will not suggest any changes to it.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-112">In general, the planning system considers all supply orders after the planning starting date as subject to change in order to fulfill demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-112">In general, the planning system considers all supply orders after the planning starting date as subject to change in order to fulfill demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-113">However, as soon as a quantity is posted from a supply order, it can no longer be changed by the planning system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-113">However, as soon as a quantity is posted from a supply order, it can no longer be changed by the planning system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-114">Accordingly, the following different orders cannot be replanned:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-114">Accordingly, the following different orders cannot be replanned:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-115">Released production orders where consumption or output has been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-115">Released production orders where consumption or output has been posted.</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-116">Assembly orders where consumption or output has been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-116">Assembly orders where consumption or output has been posted.</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-117">Transfer orders where shipment has been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-117">Transfer orders where shipment has been posted.</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-118">Purchase orders where receipt has been posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-118">Purchase orders where receipt has been posted.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-119">Apart from loading demand and supply types, certain types are loaded with attention to special rules and dependencies that are described in the following.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-119">Apart from loading demand and supply types, certain types are loaded with attention to special rules and dependencies that are described in the following.</span></span>  

## <a name="item-dimensions-are-separated"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-120">Item Dimensions are Separated</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-120">Item Dimensions are Separated</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-121">The supply plan must be calculated per combination of the item dimensions, such as variant and location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-121">The supply plan must be calculated per combination of the item dimensions, such as variant and location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-122">However, there is no reason to calculate any theoretical combination.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-122">However, there is no reason to calculate any theoretical combination.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-123">Only those combinations that carry a demand and/or supply need to be calculated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-123">Only those combinations that carry a demand and/or supply need to be calculated.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-124">The planning system controls this by running through the inventory profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-124">The planning system controls this by running through the inventory profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-125">When a new combination is found, the program creates an internal control record that holds the actual combination information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-125">When a new combination is found, the program creates an internal control record that holds the actual combination information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-126">The program inserts the SKU as the control record, or outer loop.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-126">The program inserts the SKU as the control record, or outer loop.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-127">As a result, the proper planning parameters according to a combination of variant and location are set, and the program can proceed to the inner loop.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-127">As a result, the proper planning parameters according to a combination of variant and location are set, and the program can proceed to the inner loop.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-128">The program does not require the user to enter a SKU record when entering demand and/or supply for a particular combination of variant and location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-128">The program does not require the user to enter a SKU record when entering demand and/or supply for a particular combination of variant and location.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-129">Therefore, if a SKU does not exist for a given combination, the program creates its own temporary SKU record based on the item card data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-129">Therefore, if a SKU does not exist for a given combination, the program creates its own temporary SKU record based on the item card data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-130">If Location Mandatory is set to Yes in the Inventory Setup window, then either a SKU must be created or Components at Location must be set to Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-130">If Location Mandatory is set to Yes in the Inventory Setup window, then either a SKU must be created or Components at Location must be set to Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-131">For more information, see [Design Details: Demand at Blank Location](design-details-demand-at-blank-location.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-131">For more information, see [Design Details: Demand at Blank Location](design-details-demand-at-blank-location.md).</span></span>  

## <a name="seriallot-numbers-are-loaded-by-specification-level"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-132">Serial/Lot Numbers are Loaded by Specification Level</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-132">Serial/Lot Numbers are Loaded by Specification Level</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-133">Attributes in the form of serial/lot numbers are loaded into the inventory profiles along with the demand and supply that they are assigned to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-133">Attributes in the form of serial/lot numbers are loaded into the inventory profiles along with the demand and supply that they are assigned to.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-134">Demand and supply attributes are arranged by order priority as well as by their level of specification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-134">Demand and supply attributes are arranged by order priority as well as by their level of specification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-135">Because serial/lot number matches reflect the level of specification, the more specific demand, such as a lot number selected specifically for a sale line, will seek a match before less specific demand, such as a sale from any lot number selected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-135">Because serial/lot number matches reflect the level of specification, the more specific demand, such as a lot number selected specifically for a sale line, will seek a match before less specific demand, such as a sale from any lot number selected.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-136">There are no dedicated prioritisation rules for serial/lot-numbered demand and supply, other than the level of specification defined by their combinations of serial and lot numbers and the item tracking setup of the involved items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-136">There are no dedicated prioritization rules for serial/lot-numbered demand and supply, other than the level of specification defined by their combinations of serial and lot numbers and the item tracking setup of the involved items.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-137">During balancing, the planning system regards supply that carries serial/lot numbers as inflexible and will not try to increase or reschedule such supply orders (unless they are used in an order-to-order relation).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-137">During balancing, the planning system regards supply that carries serial/lot numbers as inflexible and will not try to increase or reschedule such supply orders (unless they are used in an order-to-order relation).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-138">See Order-to-Order Links are Never Broken).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-138">See Order-to-Order Links are Never Broken).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-139">This protects the supply from receiving several, possibly conflicting, action messages when a supply carries varying attributes—such as a collection of different serial numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-139">This protects the supply from receiving several, possibly conflicting, action messages when a supply carries varying attributes—such as a collection of different serial numbers.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-140">Another reason that serial/lot numbered supply is inflexible is that serial/lot numbers are generally assigned so late in the process that it would be confusing if changes are suggested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-140">Another reason that serial/lot numbered supply is inflexible is that serial/lot numbers are generally assigned so late in the process that it would be confusing if changes are suggested.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-141">The balancing of serial/lot numbers does not respect the [Frozen Zone](design-details-dealing-with-orders-before-the-planning-starting-date.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-141">The balancing of serial/lot numbers does not respect the [Frozen Zone](design-details-dealing-with-orders-before-the-planning-starting-date.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-142">If demand and supply is not synchronised, the planning system will suggest changes or suggest new orders, regardless of the planning starting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-142">If demand and supply is not synchronized, the planning system will suggest changes or suggest new orders, regardless of the planning starting date.</span></span>  

## <a name="order-to-order-links-are-never-broken"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-143">Order-to-Order Links are Never Broken</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-143">Order-to-Order Links are Never Broken</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-144">When planning an order-to-order item, the linked supply must not be used for any demand other than what it was originally intended for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-144">When planning an order-to-order item, the linked supply must not be used for any demand other than what it was originally intended for.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-145">The linked demand should not be covered by any other random supply, even if, in its present situation, it is available in time and quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-145">The linked demand should not be covered by any other random supply, even if, in its present situation, it is available in time and quantity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-146">For example, an assembly order that is linked to a sales order in an assemble-to-order scenario cannot be used to cover other demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-146">For example, an assembly order that is linked to a sales order in an assemble-to-order scenario cannot be used to cover other demand.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-147">Order-to-order demand and supply must balance precisely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-147">Order-to-order demand and supply must balance precisely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-148">The planning system will ensure the supply under all circumstances without regarding order sizing parameters, modifiers, and quantities in inventory (other than quantities relating to the linked orders).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-148">The planning system will ensure the supply under all circumstances without regarding order sizing parameters, modifiers, and quantities in inventory (other than quantities relating to the linked orders).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-149">For the same reason, the system will suggest decreasing excess supplies if the linked demand is decreased.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-149">For the same reason, the system will suggest decreasing excess supplies if the linked demand is decreased.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-150">This balancing also affects the timing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-150">This balancing also affects the timing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-151">The limited horizon that is given by the time bucket is not regarded; the supply will be rescheduled if the timing of the demand has changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-151">The limited horizon that is given by the time bucket is not regarded; the supply will be rescheduled if the timing of the demand has changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-152">However, dampener time will be respected and will prevent order-to-order supplies from being scheduled out, except for the internal supplies of a multi-level production order (project order).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-152">However, dampener time will be respected and will prevent order-to-order supplies from being scheduled out, except for the internal supplies of a multi-level production order (project order).</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-153">Serial/lot numbers can also be specified on order-to-order demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-153">Serial/lot numbers can also be specified on order-to-order demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-154">In that case, the supply is not regarded inflexible by default, as is normally the case for serial/lot numbers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-154">In that case, the supply is not regarded inflexible by default, as is normally the case for serial/lot numbers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-155">In this case, the system will increase/decrease according to changes in demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-155">In this case, the system will increase/decrease according to changes in demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-156">Furthermore, if one demand carries varying serial/lot numbers, such as more than one lot number, one supply order will be suggested per lot.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-156">Furthermore, if one demand carries varying serial/lot numbers, such as more than one lot number, one supply order will be suggested per lot.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-157">Forecasts should not lead to creating supply orders that are bound by an order-to-order link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-157">Forecasts should not lead to creating supply orders that are bound by an order-to-order link.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-158">If the forecast is used, it should only be used as a generator of dependent demand in a manufacturing environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-158">If the forecast is used, it should only be used as a generator of dependent demand in a manufacturing environment.</span></span>  

## <a name="component-need-is-loaded-according-to-production-order-changes"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-159">Component Need is Loaded according to Production Order Changes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-159">Component Need is Loaded according to Production Order Changes</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-160">When handling production orders, the planning system must monitor the needed components before loading them into the demand profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-160">When handling production orders, the planning system must monitor the needed components before loading them into the demand profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-161">Component lines that result from an amended production order will replace those of the original order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-161">Component lines that result from an amended production order will replace those of the original order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-162">This ensures that the planning system establishes that planning lines for component need are never duplicated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-162">This ensures that the planning system establishes that planning lines for component need are never duplicated.</span></span>  

##  <a name="BKMK_SafetyStockMayBeConsumed"></a> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-163">Safety Stock May Be Consumed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-163">Safety Stock May Be Consumed</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-164">The safety stock quantity is primarily a demand type and is therefore loaded into the inventory profile on the planning starting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-164">The safety stock quantity is primarily a demand type and is therefore loaded into the inventory profile on the planning starting date.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-165">Safety stock is an inventory quantity set aside to compensate for uncertainties in demand during the replenishment lead time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-165">Safety stock is an inventory quantity set aside to compensate for uncertainties in demand during the replenishment lead time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-166">However, it may be consumed if it is necessary to take from it to fulfill a demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-166">However, it may be consumed if it is necessary to take from it to fulfill a demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-167">In that case, the planning system will ensure that the safety stock is quickly replaced by suggesting a supply order to replenish the safety stock quantity on the date it is consumed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-167">In that case, the planning system will ensure that the safety stock is quickly replaced by suggesting a supply order to replenish the safety stock quantity on the date it is consumed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-168">This planning line will display an Exception warning icon explaining to the planner that the safety stock has been partly or fully consumed by means of an exception order for the missing quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-168">This planning line will display an Exception warning icon explaining to the planner that the safety stock has been partly or fully consumed by means of an exception order for the missing quantity.</span></span>  

## <a name="forecast-demand-is-reduced-by-sales-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-169">Forecast Demand is Reduced by Sales Orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-169">Forecast Demand is Reduced by Sales Orders</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-170">The production forecast expresses anticipated future demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-170">The production forecast expresses anticipated future demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-171">While actual demand is entered, typically as sales orders for produced items, it consumes the forecast.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-171">While actual demand is entered, typically as sales orders for produced items, it consumes the forecast.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-172">The forecast itself is not actually reduced by sales orders; it remains the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-172">The forecast itself is not actually reduced by sales orders; it remains the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-173">However, the forecast quantities used in the planning calculation are reduced (by the sales order quantities) before the remaining quantity, if any, enters the demand inventory profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-173">However, the forecast quantities used in the planning calculation are reduced (by the sales order quantities) before the remaining quantity, if any, enters the demand inventory profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-174">When the planning system examines actual sales during a period, both open sales orders and item ledger entries from shipped sales are included, unless they are derived from a blanket order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-174">When the planning system examines actual sales during a period, both open sales orders and item ledger entries from shipped sales are included, unless they are derived from a blanket order.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-175">A user is required to define a valid forecast period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-175">A user is required to define a valid forecast period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-176">The date on the forecasted quantity defines the start of the period, and the date on the next forecast defines the end of the period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-176">The date on the forecasted quantity defines the start of the period, and the date on the next forecast defines the end of the period.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-177">The forecast for periods prior to the planning period is not used, regardless of whether it was consumed or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-177">The forecast for periods prior to the planning period is not used, regardless of whether it was consumed or not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-178">The first forecast figure of interest is either the date on or the closest date prior to the planning starting date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-178">The first forecast figure of interest is either the date on or the closest date prior to the planning starting date.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-179">The forecast can be for independent demand, such as sales orders, or dependent demand, like production order components (module-forecast).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-179">The forecast can be for independent demand, such as sales orders, or dependent demand, like production order components (module-forecast).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-180">An item can have both types of forecast.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-180">An item can have both types of forecast.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-181">During planning, the consumption takes place separately, first for independent demand and then for dependent demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-181">During planning, the consumption takes place separately, first for independent demand and then for dependent demand.</span></span>  

## <a name="blanket-order-demand-is-reduced-by-sales-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-182">Blanket Order Demand is Reduced by Sales Orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-182">Blanket Order Demand is Reduced by Sales Orders</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-183">Forecasting is supplemented by the blanket sales order as a means of specifying future demand from a specific customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-183">Forecasting is supplemented by the blanket sales order as a means of specifying future demand from a specific customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-184">As with the (unspecified) forecast, actual sales should consume the anticipated demand, and the remaining quantity should enter the demand inventory profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-184">As with the (unspecified) forecast, actual sales should consume the anticipated demand, and the remaining quantity should enter the demand inventory profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-185">Again, the consumption does not actually reduce the blanket order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-185">Again, the consumption does not actually reduce the blanket order.</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-186">The planning calculation considers open sales orders linked to the specific blanket order line, but it does not consider any valid time period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-186">The planning calculation considers open sales orders linked to the specific blanket order line, but it does not consider any valid time period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-187">Nor does it consider posted orders, since the posting procedure has already reduced the outstanding blanket order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-187">Nor does it consider posted orders, since the posting procedure has already reduced the outstanding blanket order quantity.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="0a43d-188">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-188">See Also</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-189">[Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-189">[Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-190">[Design Details: Central Concepts of the Planning System](design-details-central-concepts-of-the-planning-system.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-190">[Design Details: Central Concepts of the Planning System](design-details-central-concepts-of-the-planning-system.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="0a43d-191">[Design Details: Supply Planning](design-details-supply-planning.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-191">[Design Details: Supply Planning](design-details-supply-planning.md) </span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0a43d-192">Design Details: Planning Parameters</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0a43d-192">Design Details: Planning Parameters</span></span>](design-details-planning-parameters.md)

