---
title: Design Details - Balancing Supply with Demand | Microsoft Docs
description: The core of the planning system involves balancing demand and supply by means of suggesting user actions to revise the supply orders in case of imbalance. This takes place per combination of variant and location.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: 
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: 
ms.date: 07/01/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 2c13559bb3dc44cdb61697f5135c5b931e34d2a8
ms.openlocfilehash: 76654f0390ef922f5a065e00b566e8876dbbaebc
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 09/22/2017

---
# <a name="design-details-balancing-supply-with-demand"></a><span data-ttu-id="61b3f-104">Design Details: Balancing Supply with Demand</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-104">Design Details: Balancing Supply with Demand</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-105">The core of the planning system involves balancing demand and supply by means of suggesting user actions to revise the supply orders in case of imbalance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-105">The core of the planning system involves balancing demand and supply by means of suggesting user actions to revise the supply orders in case of imbalance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-106">This takes place per combination of variant and location.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-106">This takes place per combination of variant and location.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-107">Imagine that each inventory profile contains a string of demand events (sorted by date and priority) and a corresponding string of supply events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-107">Imagine that each inventory profile contains a string of demand events (sorted by date and priority) and a corresponding string of supply events.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-108">Each event refers back to its source type and identification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-108">Each event refers back to its source type and identification.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-109">The rules for counterbalancing the item are straightforward.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-109">The rules for counterbalancing the item are straightforward.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-110">Four instances of matching demand and supply can occur at any point of time in the process:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-110">Four instances of matching demand and supply can occur at any point of time in the process:</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-111">No demand or supply exists for the item => the planning has finished (or should not start).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-111">No demand or supply exists for the item => the planning has finished (or should not start).</span></span>  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-112">Demand exists but there is no supply => supply should be suggested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-112">Demand exists but there is no supply => supply should be suggested.</span></span>  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-113">Supply exists but there is no demand for it => supply should be cancelled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-113">Supply exists but there is no demand for it => supply should be canceled.</span></span>  
4.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-114">Both demand and supply exist => questions should be asked and answered before the system can ensure that demand will be met and supply is sufficient.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-114">Both demand and supply exist => questions should be asked and answered before the system can ensure that demand will be met and supply is sufficient.</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-115">If the timing of the supply is not suitable, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-115">If the timing of the supply is not suitable, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled as follows:</span></span>  
  
    1.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-116">If the supply is placed earlier than the demand, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled out so that inventory is as low as possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-116">If the supply is placed earlier than the demand, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled out so that inventory is as low as possible.</span></span>  
    2.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-117">If the supply is placed later than the demand, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-117">If the supply is placed later than the demand, perhaps the supply can be rescheduled in.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-118">Otherwise, the system will suggest new supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-118">Otherwise, the system will suggest new supply.</span></span>  
    3.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-119">If the supply meets the demand on the date, the planning system can proceed to investigate whether the quantity of the supply can cover the demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-119">If the supply meets the demand on the date, the planning system can proceed to investigate whether the quantity of the supply can cover the demand.</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-120">Once the timing is in place, the adequate quantity to be supplied can be calculated as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-120">Once the timing is in place, the adequate quantity to be supplied can be calculated as follows:</span></span>  
  
    1.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-121">If the supply quantity is less than the demand, it is possible that the supply quantity could be increased (or not, if limited by a maximum quantity policy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-121">If the supply quantity is less than the demand, it is possible that the supply quantity could be increased (or not, if limited by a maximum quantity policy).</span></span>  
    2.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-122">If the supply quantity is greater than the demand, it is possible that the supply quantity can be decreased (or not, if limited by a minimum quantity policy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-122">If the supply quantity is greater than the demand, it is possible that the supply quantity can be decreased (or not, if limited by a minimum quantity policy).</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-123">At this point, either of these two situations exists:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-123">At this point, either of these two situations exists:</span></span>  
  
    1.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-124">The current demand can be covered, in which case it can be closed and planning for the next demand can start.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-124">The current demand can be covered, in which case it can be closed and planning for the next demand can start.</span></span>  
    2.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-125">The supply has reached its maximum, leaving some of the demand quantity uncovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-125">The supply has reached its maximum, leaving some of the demand quantity uncovered.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-126">In this case, the planning system can close the current supply and proceed to the next one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-126">In this case, the planning system can close the current supply and proceed to the next one.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-127">The procedure starts all over with the next demand and the current supply or vice versa.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-127">The procedure starts all over with the next demand and the current supply or vice versa.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-128">The current supply might be able to cover this next demand as well, or the current demand has not yet been fully covered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-128">The current supply might be able to cover this next demand as well, or the current demand has not yet been fully covered.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="rules-concerning-actions-for-supply-events"></a><span data-ttu-id="61b3f-129">Rules Concerning Actions for Supply Events</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-129">Rules Concerning Actions for Supply Events</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-130">When the planning system performs a top-down calculation in which supply must fulfill demand, the demand is taken as a given, that is, it lies outside the control of the planning system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-130">When the planning system performs a top-down calculation in which supply must fulfill demand, the demand is taken as a given, that is, it lies outside the control of the planning system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-131">However, the supply side can be managed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-131">However, the supply side can be managed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-132">Therefore, the planning system will suggest creating new supply orders, rescheduling existing ones, and/or changing the order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-132">Therefore, the planning system will suggest creating new supply orders, rescheduling existing ones, and/or changing the order quantity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-133">If an existing supply order becoming superfluous, the planning system will suggest that the user cancels it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-133">If an existing supply order becoming superfluous, the planning system will suggest that the user cancels it.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-134">If the user wants to exclude an existing supply order from the planning suggestions, he can state that it has no planning flexibility (Planning Flexibility = None).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-134">If the user wants to exclude an existing supply order from the planning suggestions, he can state that it has no planning flexibility (Planning Flexibility = None).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-135">Then, excess supply from that order will be used to cover demand, but no action will be suggested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-135">Then, excess supply from that order will be used to cover demand, but no action will be suggested.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-136">In general, all supply has a planning flexibility that is limited by the conditions of each of the suggested actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-136">In general, all supply has a planning flexibility that is limited by the conditions of each of the suggested actions.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-137">**Reschedule Out**: The date of an existing supply order can be scheduled out to meet the demand due date unless:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-137">**Reschedule Out**: The date of an existing supply order can be scheduled out to meet the demand due date unless:</span></span>  
  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-138">It represents inventory (always on day zero).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-138">It represents inventory (always on day zero).</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-139">It has an order-to-order linked to another demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-139">It has an order-to-order linked to another demand.</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-140">It lies outside the reschedule window defined by the time bucket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-140">It lies outside the reschedule window defined by the time bucket.</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-141">There is a closer supply that could be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-141">There is a closer supply that could be used.</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-142">On the other hand, the user may decide not to reschedule because:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-142">On the other hand, the user may decide not to reschedule because:</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-143">The supply order has already been tied to another demand on a previous date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-143">The supply order has already been tied to another demand on a previous date.</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-144">The needed rescheduling is so minimal that the user finds it negligible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-144">The needed rescheduling is so minimal that the user finds it negligible.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-145">**Reschedule In**: The date of an existing supply order can be scheduled in, except in the following conditions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-145">**Reschedule In**: The date of an existing supply order can be scheduled in, except in the following conditions:</span></span>  
  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-146">It is linked directly to some other demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-146">It is linked directly to some other demand.</span></span>  
    -   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-147">It lies outside the reschedule window defined by the time bucket.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-147">It lies outside the reschedule window defined by the time bucket.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-148">When planning an item using a reorder point, the supply order can always be scheduled in if necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-148">When planning an item using a reorder point, the supply order can always be scheduled in if necessary.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-149">This is common in forward-scheduled supply orders triggered by a reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-149">This is common in forward-scheduled supply orders triggered by a reorder point.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-150">**Increase Quantity**: The quantity of an existing supply order can be increased to meet the demand unless the supply order is linked directly to a demand by an order-to-order link.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-150">**Increase Quantity**: The quantity of an existing supply order can be increased to meet the demand unless the supply order is linked directly to a demand by an order-to-order link.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-151">Even though it is possible to increase the supply order, it may be limited due to a defined maximum order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-151">Even though it is possible to increase the supply order, it may be limited due to a defined maximum order quantity.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-152">**Decrease Quantity**: An existing supply order with a surplus compared to an existing demand can be decreased to meet the demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-152">**Decrease Quantity**: An existing supply order with a surplus compared to an existing demand can be decreased to meet the demand.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-153">Even though the quantity could be decreased, there may still be some surplus compared to the demand due to a defined minimum order quantity or order multiple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-153">Even though the quantity could be decreased, there may still be some surplus compared to the demand due to a defined minimum order quantity or order multiple.</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-154">**Cancel**: As a special incident of the decrease quantity action, the supply order could be cancelled if it has been decreased to zero.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-154">**Cancel**: As a special incident of the decrease quantity action, the supply order could be canceled if it has been decreased to zero.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-155">**New**: If no supply order already exists, or an existing one cannot be changed to meet the necessary quantity on the demanded due date, a new supply order is suggested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-155">**New**: If no supply order already exists, or an existing one cannot be changed to meet the necessary quantity on the demanded due date, a new supply order is suggested.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="determining-the-supply-quantity"></a><span data-ttu-id="61b3f-156">Determining the Supply Quantity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-156">Determining the Supply Quantity</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-157">Planning parameters defined by the user control the suggested quantity of each supply order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-157">Planning parameters defined by the user control the suggested quantity of each supply order.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-158">When the planning system calculates the quantity of a new supply order or the quantity change on an existing one, the suggested quantity may be different from what is actually demanded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-158">When the planning system calculates the quantity of a new supply order or the quantity change on an existing one, the suggested quantity may be different from what is actually demanded.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-159">If a maximum inventory or fixed order quantity are selected, the suggested quantity may be increased to meet that fixed quantity or the maximum inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-159">If a maximum inventory or fixed order quantity are selected, the suggested quantity may be increased to meet that fixed quantity or the maximum inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-160">If a reordering policy uses a reorder point, the quantity may be increased at least to meet the reorder point.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-160">If a reordering policy uses a reorder point, the quantity may be increased at least to meet the reorder point.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-161">The suggested quantity may be modified in this sequence:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-161">The suggested quantity may be modified in this sequence:</span></span>  
  
1.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-162">Down to the maximum order quantity (if any).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-162">Down to the maximum order quantity (if any).</span></span>  
2.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-163">Up to the minimum order quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-163">Up to the minimum order quantity.</span></span>  
3.  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-164">Up to meet the nearest order multiple.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-164">Up to meet the nearest order multiple.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-165">(In case of erroneous settings, this may violate the maximum order quantity.)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-165">(In case of erroneous settings, this may violate the maximum order quantity.)</span></span>  
  
## <a name="order-tracking-links-during-planning"></a><span data-ttu-id="61b3f-166">Order Tracking Links during Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-166">Order Tracking Links during Planning</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-167">Concerning order tracking during planning, it is important to mention that the planning system rearranges the dynamically created order tracking links for the item/variant/location combinations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-167">Concerning order tracking during planning, it is important to mention that the planning system rearranges the dynamically created order tracking links for the item/variant/location combinations.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-168">There are two reasons for this:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-168">There are two reasons for this:</span></span>  
  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-169">The planning system must be able to justify its suggestions; that all demand has been covered, and that no supply orders are superfluous.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-169">The planning system must be able to justify its suggestions; that all demand has been covered, and that no supply orders are superfluous.</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-170">Dynamically created order tracking links need to be rebalanced regularly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-170">Dynamically created order tracking links need to be rebalanced regularly.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-171">Over time, dynamic order tracking links become out of balance since the entire order tracking network is not rearranged until a demand or supply event is actually closed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-171">Over time, dynamic order tracking links become out of balance since the entire order tracking network is not rearranged until a demand or supply event is actually closed.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-172">Before balancing supply by demand, the program deletes all existing order tracking links.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-172">Before balancing supply by demand, the program deletes all existing order tracking links.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-173">Then during the balancing procedure, when a demand or supply event is closed, it establishes new order tracking links between the demand and supply.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-173">Then during the balancing procedure, when a demand or supply event is closed, it establishes new order tracking links between the demand and supply.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]  
>  <span data-ttu-id="61b3f-174">Even if the item is not set up for dynamic order tracking, the planned system will create balanced order tracking links as explained above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-174">Even if the item is not set up for dynamic order tracking, the planned system will create balanced order tracking links as explained above.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="61b3f-175">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-175">See Also</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-176">[Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-176">[Design Details: Balancing Demand and Supply](design-details-balancing-demand-and-supply.md) </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="61b3f-177">Design Details: Supply Planning</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="61b3f-177">Design Details: Supply Planning</span></span>](design-details-supply-planning.md)
