---
title: Design Details - Item Tracking Lines Window | Microsoft Docs
description: Read about how to managethe flow of serial and lot numbers in your inventory.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: 
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: design, inventory, item, tracking, serial number, lot number
ms.date: 07/01/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 2c13559bb3dc44cdb61697f5135c5b931e34d2a8
ms.openlocfilehash: 62070ef4e580a3bd665130c9b017bf164bbe2142
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 09/22/2017

---
# <a name="design-details-item-tracking-lines-window"></a><span data-ttu-id="63433-103">Design Details: Item Tracking Lines Window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-103">Design Details: Item Tracking Lines Window</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="63433-104">Item tracking records and reservation records are created in the reservation system, and their availability is calculated dynamically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-104">Item tracking records and reservation records are created in the reservation system, and their availability is calculated dynamically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-105">Data that is entered in the **Item Tracking Lines** window is managed in a temporary version of the **Tracking Specification** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-105">Data that is entered in the **Item Tracking Lines** window is managed in a temporary version of the **Tracking Specification** table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-106">When the window is closed, the active data is committed to the **Reservation Entry** table and the historic data is committed to the **Tracking Specification** table.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-106">When the window is closed, the active data is committed to the **Reservation Entry** table and the historic data is committed to the **Tracking Specification** table.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-107">For more information, see [Design Details: Active versus Historic Item Tracking Entries](design-details-active-versus-historic-item-tracking-entries.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-107">For more information, see [Design Details: Active versus Historic Item Tracking Entries](design-details-active-versus-historic-item-tracking-entries.md).</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="63433-108">Lookups from the **Serial No.** and **Lot No.** fields show availability based on both the **Item Ledger Entry** table and the **Reservation Entry** table, with no date filter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-108">Lookups from the **Serial No.** and **Lot No.** fields show availability based on both the **Item Ledger Entry** table and the **Reservation Entry** table, with no date filter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-109">The matrix of quantity fields on the header of the **Item Tracking Lines** window dynamically displays the quantities and sums of item tracking numbers that are being entered on the lines of the window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-109">The matrix of quantity fields on the header of the **Item Tracking Lines** window dynamically displays the quantities and sums of item tracking numbers that are being entered on the lines of the window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-110">The quantities must correspond to those of the document line, which is indicated by **0** in the **Undefined** fields in the header of the window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-110">The quantities must correspond to those of the document line, which is indicated by **0** in the **Undefined** fields in the header of the window.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="63433-111">To coordinate the flow of serial and lot numbers through inventory, the following rules exist for entering data in the **Item Tracking Lines** window:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-111">To coordinate the flow of serial and lot numbers through inventory, the following rules exist for entering data in the **Item Tracking Lines** window:</span></span>  
  
* <span data-ttu-id="63433-112">For both inbound and outbound item tracking lines, you cannot enter a serial number, with or without a lot number, more than once in the same instance of the **Item Tracking Lines** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-112">For both inbound and outbound item tracking lines, you cannot enter a serial number, with or without a lot number, more than once in the same instance of the **Item Tracking Lines** window.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-113">If you try to enter any combination of serial or lot numbers that is already present in the window, then an error message blocks the data entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-113">If you try to enter any combination of serial or lot numbers that is already present in the window, then an error message blocks the data entry.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="63433-114">For inbound item tracking lines, you cannot post the related document if an item of the same variant and with the same serial number is already in inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-114">For inbound item tracking lines, you cannot post the related document if an item of the same variant and with the same serial number is already in inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-115">If you try to post a positive line for an inventory item with the same variant and serial number, then an error message blocks the posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-115">If you try to post a positive line for an inventory item with the same variant and serial number, then an error message blocks the posting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-116">However, for both inbound and outbound item tracking lines on open documents, you can have the same combination of serial or lot numbers that relate to different source document lines, that is, existing in different instances of the **Item Tracking Lines** window until the related document is posted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-116">However, for both inbound and outbound item tracking lines on open documents, you can have the same combination of serial or lot numbers that relate to different source document lines, that is, existing in different instances of the **Item Tracking Lines** window until the related document is posted.</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="63433-117">If the item is set up for serial number-specific tracking or lot number- specific tracking, then you cannot post an outbound document line unless an item with the defined serial or lot number exists in inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-117">If the item is set up for serial number-specific tracking or lot number- specific tracking, then you cannot post an outbound document line unless an item with the defined serial or lot number exists in inventory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-118">If you try to post an outbound document line for an item with a serial lot number that is not in inventory, then an error message blocks the posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-118">If you try to post an outbound document line for an item with a serial lot number that is not in inventory, then an error message blocks the posting.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="63433-119">The rules for entering data in the **Item Tracking Lines** window also support the coupling principles that govern order tracking, planning, and reservation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-119">The rules for entering data in the **Item Tracking Lines** window also support the coupling principles that govern order tracking, planning, and reservation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="63433-120">For more information, see [Design Details: Item Tracking and Planning](design-details-item-tracking-and-planning.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-120">For more information, see [Design Details: Item Tracking and Planning](design-details-item-tracking-and-planning.md).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="63433-121">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-121">See Also</span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="63433-122">Design Details: Item Tracking</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="63433-122">Design Details: Item Tracking</span></span>](design-details-item-tracking.md)
