---
title: Manage Customers Using Dynamics 365 for Sales| Microsoft Docs
description: You can use Dynamics 365 for Sales from inside Dynamics 365 for Financials to map data and have seamless integration and synchronisation in the lead-to-cash process.
documentationcenter: 
author: edupont04
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: integration, synchronize, map
ms.date: 06/06/2017
ms.author: edupont
ms.translationtype: Human Translation
ms.sourcegitcommit: 81636fc2e661bd9b07c54da1cd5d0d27e30d01a2
ms.openlocfilehash: 2f182d48a3d2c083507564b553fbe22ad7a2e661
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 09/11/2017

---
# <a name="managing-your-customer-relationships-using-dynamics-365-for-sales-from-inside-dynamics-365-for-financials"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-103">Managing Your Customer Relationships using Dynamics 365 for Sales from inside Dynamics 365 for Financials</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-103">Managing Your Customer Relationships using Dynamics 365 for Sales from inside Dynamics 365 for Financials</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-104">If you use Dynamics 365 for Sales for customer engagement, you can use [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] for order processing and finances and have seamless integration in the lead-to-cash process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-104">If you use Dynamics 365 for Sales for customer engagement, you can use [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] for order processing and finances and have seamless integration in the lead-to-cash process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-105">When your application is set up to integrate with Dynamics 365 for Sales, you have access to Sales data from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] and the other way around in some cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-105">When your application is set up to integrate with Dynamics 365 for Sales, you have access to Sales data from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] and the other way around in some cases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-106">This integration enables you to work with and synchronise data types that are common to both services, such as customers, contacts, and sales information, and keep the data up to date in both locations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-106">This integration enables you to work with and synchronize data types that are common to both services, such as customers, contacts, and sales information, and keep the data up to date in both locations.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="631d1-107">In the current version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], Dynamics 365 for Sales is referred to as Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-107">In the current version of [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], Dynamics 365 for Sales is referred to as Dynamics CRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-108">For simplicity, the remainder of this article will use the terminology that is used in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-108">For simplicity, the remainder of this article will use the terminology that is used in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-109">For example, the sales person in Dynamics CRM can use the price lists from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] when they create a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-109">For example, the sales person in Dynamics CRM can use the price lists from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] when they create a sales order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-110">When they add the item to the sales order line in Dynamics CRM, they are also able to see the inventory level (availability) of the item from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-110">When they add the item to the sales order line in Dynamics CRM, they are also able to see the inventory level (availability) of the item from [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-111">This data is published as part of the assisted setup guide, **Dynamics CRM Connection Setup**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-111">This data is published as part of the assisted setup guide, **Dynamics CRM Connection Setup**.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="631d1-112">This functionality requires that your experience is set to **Suite**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-112">This functionality requires that your experience is set to **Suite**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-113">For more information, see [Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-113">For more information, see [Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md).</span></span>  

## <a name="setting-up-the-connection"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-114">Setting up the connection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-114">Setting up the connection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-115">From Home, you can access the **Dynamics CRM Connection Setup** assisted setup guide that helps you set up the connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-115">From Home, you can access the **Dynamics CRM Connection Setup** assisted setup guide that helps you set up the connection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-116">Once that is done, you will have a seamless coupling of Dynamics CRM records with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-116">Once that is done, you will have a seamless coupling of Dynamics CRM records with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records.</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="631d1-117">The following explains the assisted setup, but you can perform the same tasks manually in the **CRM Connection Setup** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-117">The following explains the assisted setup, but you can perform the same tasks manually in the **CRM Connection Setup** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-118">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose which data to synchronise between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-118">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose which data to synchronize between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-119">You can also specify that you want to import your existing Dynamics CRM solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-119">You can also specify that you want to import your existing Dynamics CRM solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-120">In that case, you must specify an administrative user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-120">In that case, you must specify an administrative user account.</span></span>

### <a name="setting-up-the-user-account-for-importing-the-solution"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-121">Setting up the user account for importing the solution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-121">Setting up the user account for importing the solution</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-122">To import an existing Dynamics CRM solution, the setup guide uses an administrative account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-122">To import an existing Dynamics CRM solution, the setup guide uses an administrative account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-123">This account must be a valid user in Dynamics CRM with the following security roles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-123">This account must be a valid user in Dynamics CRM with the following security roles:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="631d1-124">System Administrator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-124">System Administrator</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="631d1-125">Solution Customizer</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-125">Solution Customizer</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-126">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Dynamics 365 (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet and [How to: Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-126">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Dynamics 365 (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet and [How to: Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-127">This account is only used during the setup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-127">This account is only used during the setup.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-128">Once the solution is imported into [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], the account is no longer needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-128">Once the solution is imported into [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], the account is no longer needed.</span></span>

### <a name="setting-up-the-user-account-for-synchronization"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-129">Setting up the user account for synchronisation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-129">Setting up the user account for synchronization</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-130">The integration relies on a shared user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-130">The integration relies on a shared user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-131">So in your Office 365 subscription, you must create a dedicated user that will be used for synchronisation between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-131">So in your Office 365 subscription, you must create a dedicated user that will be used for synchronization between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-132">This account must already be a valid user in Dynamics CRM, but you do not have to assign security roles to the account because the setup guide will do that for you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-132">This account must already be a valid user in Dynamics CRM, but you do not have to assign security roles to the account because the setup guide will do that for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-133">You must specify this user account one or more times in the setup guide, depending how much synchronisation you want to enable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-133">You must specify this user account one or more times in the setup guide, depending how much synchronization you want to enable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-134">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Dynamics 365 (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-134">For more information, see [Create users and assign Microsoft Dynamics 365 (online) security roles](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj191623.aspx) on techNet.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-135">If you choose to enable *item availability*, the integration user account must have a web services access key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-135">If you choose to enable *item availability*, the integration user account must have a web services access key.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-136">This is a two-step thing in the [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] page for that user account, you must choose the **Change Web Service Key** button; and in the CRM connection setup guide, you must specify that user as the OData web service user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-136">This is a two-step thing in the [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] page for that user account, you must choose the **Change Web Service Key** button; and in the CRM connection setup guide, you must specify that user as the OData web service user.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-137">If you choose to enable *sales order integration*, you must specify a user that can handle this synchronization - the integration user or another user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-137">If you choose to enable *sales order integration*, you must specify a user that can handle this synchronization - the integration user or another user account.</span></span>

### <a name="coupling-records"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-138">Coupling records</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-138">Coupling records</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-139">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose to synchronise between the two services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-139">In the assisted setup guide, you can choose to synchronize between the two services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-140">But later, you can also set up synchronisation of specific types of data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-140">But later, you can also set up synchronization of specific types of data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-141">This is referred to as *coupling*, and this section provides recommendations for what you must take into consideration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-141">This is referred to as *coupling*, and this section provides recommendations for what you must take into consideration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-142">For example, if you want to see Dynamics CRM accounts as customers in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], you must couple the two types of records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-142">For example, if you want to see Dynamics CRM accounts as customers in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], you must couple the two types of records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-143">It is not very complicated - you open the **Customer List** window in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], and there is an action in the ribbon to couple this data with Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-143">It is not very complicated - you open the **Customer List** window in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)], and there is an action in the ribbon to couple this data with Dynamics CRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-144">Then you specify which [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] customers match which accounts in Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-144">Then you specify which [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] customers match which accounts in Dynamics CRM.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-145">In certain areas, the functionality relies on you couple certain sets of data before other sets of data as shown in the following list:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-145">In certain areas, the functionality relies on you couple certain sets of data before other sets of data as shown in the following list:</span></span>

* <span data-ttu-id="631d1-146">Customers and accounts</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-146">Customers and accounts</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="631d1-147">Couple salespeople with Dynamics CRM users first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-147">Couple salespeople with Dynamics CRM users first</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="631d1-148">Items and resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-148">Items and resources</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="631d1-149">Couple units of measure with Dynamics CRM unit groups first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-149">Couple units of measure with Dynamics CRM unit groups first</span></span>  
* <span data-ttu-id="631d1-150">Items and resource prices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-150">Items and resource prices</span></span>  
  * <span data-ttu-id="631d1-151">Couple customer price groups with Dynamics CRM prices first</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-151">Couple customer price groups with Dynamics CRM prices first</span></span>  

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="631d1-152">If you are using prices in foreign currencies, make sure that you couple currencies to Dynamics CRM transaction currencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-152">If you are using prices in foreign currencies, make sure that you couple currencies to Dynamics CRM transaction currencies.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-153">Dynamics CRM sales orders depends on additional information like customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-153">Dynamics CRM sales orders depends on additional information like customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-154">In order for Dynamics CRM sales orders to work seamlessly, you must couple customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-154">In order for Dynamics CRM sales orders to work seamlessly, you must couple customers, units of measure, currencies, customer price groups, items and/or resources first.</span></span>

### <a name="synchronizing-records-fully"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-155">Synchronising records fully</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-155">Synchronizing records fully</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-156">At the end of the assisted setup guide, you can choose the **Run Full Synchronization** action to start synchronizing all [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records with all related records in the connected Dynamics CRM solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-156">At the end of the assisted setup guide, you can choose the **Run Full Synchronization** action to start synchronizing all [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] records with all related records in the connected Dynamics CRM solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-157">In the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window, you choose the **Start** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-157">In the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window, you choose the **Start** action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-158">The synchronisation then begins to execute jobs according to dependencies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-158">The synchronization then begins to execute jobs according to dependencies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-159">For example, currency records are synchronised before customer records.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-159">For example, currency records are synchronized before customer records.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-160">The full synchronization may take a long time and will therefore run in the background so that you can continue to work in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-160">The full synchronization may take a long time and will therefore run in the background so that you can continue to work in [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)].</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-161">To check the progress of individual jobs in a full synchronization, drill down on the **Job Queue Entry Status**, **To Int. Table Job Status**, or **From Int. Table Job Status** field in the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-161">To check the progress of individual jobs in a full synchronization, drill down on the **Job Queue Entry Status**, **To Int. Table Job Status**, or **From Int. Table Job Status** field in the **CRM Full Synch. Review** window.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="631d1-162">From the **CRM Connection Setup** window, you can get details about full synchronization at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-162">From the **CRM Connection Setup** window, you can get details about full synchronization at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="631d1-163">From here, you can also open the **Integration Table Mappings** window to see details about the tables in Financials and in the Dynamics CRM solution that must be synchronized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-163">From here, you can also open the **Integration Table Mappings** window to see details about the tables in Financials and in the Dynamics CRM solution that must be synchronized.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="631d1-164">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-164">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="631d1-165">Relationship Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-165">Relationship Management</span></span>](marketing-relationship-management.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-166">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-166">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-167">[Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-167">[Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="631d1-168">[How to: Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-168">[How to: Manage Users and Permissions](ui-how-users-permissions.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="631d1-169">Onboard your organization and users to Dynamics 365 (online)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="631d1-169">Onboard your organization and users to Dynamics 365 (online)</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/en-US/Dynamics/crm-customer-center/onboard-your-organization-and-users-to-dynamics-365-online.aspx)  

## [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/free_trial_md.md)]
