---
title: About Production Orders | Microsoft Docs
description: Production orders are used to manage the conversion of purchased materials into manufactured items. Production orders (job or work orders) route work through various facilities (work or machine centres) on the shop floor.
services: project-madeira
documentationcenter: 
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: 
ms.date: 09/26/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: bec0619be0a65e3625759e13d2866ac615d7513c
ms.openlocfilehash: 3632aba536d15fb975c0672eef18ae03181c7727
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 01/30/2018

---
# <a name="about-production-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-104">About Production Orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-104">About Production Orders</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="36116-105">Production orders are used to manage the conversion of purchased materials into manufactured items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-105">Production orders are used to manage the conversion of purchased materials into manufactured items.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-106">Production orders route work through various work or machine centres on the shop floor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-106">Production orders route work through various work or machine centers on the shop floor.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-107">Before proceeding with production, most companies perform supply planning, typically once a week, to calculate how many production orders and purchase orders to execute to fulfill that week’s sales demand.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-107">Before proceeding with production, most companies perform supply planning, typically once a week, to calculate how many production orders and purchase orders to execute to fulfill that week’s sales demand.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-108">Purchase orders supply the components that are required according to the production BOM to produce the end items.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-108">Purchase orders supply the components that are required according to the production BOM to produce the end items.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="36116-109">Production orders are the central components of the program's manufacturing functionality and they contain the following information:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-109">Production orders are the central components of the program's manufacturing functionality and they contain the following information:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-110">Products planned for manufacturing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-110">Products planned for manufacturing</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-111">Materials required for the planned production orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-111">Materials required for the planned production orders</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-112">Products that have just been manufactured</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-112">Products that have just been manufactured</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-113">Materials that have already been selected</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-113">Materials that have already been selected</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-114">Products that have been manufactured in the past</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-114">Products that have been manufactured in the past</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-115">Materials that were used in previous manufacturing operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-115">Materials that were used in previous manufacturing operations</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-116">Production orders are the starting points for:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-116">Production orders are the starting points for:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-117">Planning future manufacturing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-117">Planning future manufacturing</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-118">Controlling current manufacturing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-118">Controlling current manufacturing</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-119">Tracking of finished manufacturing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-119">Tracking of finished manufacturing</span></span>  

## <a name="production-order-creation"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-120">Production Order Creation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-120">Production Order Creation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-121">Production orders can be created on an order-by-order basis manually from the **Production Order** window, or generated from the **Sales Order Planning** or **Order Planning** windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-121">Production orders can be created on an order-by-order basis manually from the **Production Order** window, or generated from the **Sales Order Planning** or **Order Planning** windows.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-122">Multiple orders are created from the **Planning Worksheet** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-122">Multiple orders are created from the **Planning Worksheet** window.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-123">Production orders are created using information from:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-123">Production orders are created using information from:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-124">Items</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-124">Items</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-125">Production BOMs</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-125">Production BOMs</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-126">Routings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-126">Routings</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-127">Machine centres</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-127">Machine centers</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-128">Work centres</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-128">Work centers</span></span>  

## <a name="limitations-on-production-order-creation"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-129">Limitations on Production Order Creation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-129">Limitations on Production Order Creation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-130">Production orders are automatically reserved and tracked to their source when:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-130">Production orders are automatically reserved and tracked to their source when:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-131">Created from the **Planning Worksheet**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-131">Created from the **Planning Worksheet**</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-132">Created with the Order function in the **Sales Order Planning** window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-132">Created with the Order function in the **Sales Order Planning** window</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-133">Created from the **Order Planning** window</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-133">Created from the **Order Planning** window</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-134">Using the **Replan** function on production orders</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-134">Using the **Replan** function on production orders</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-135">For more information, see [Track Relations Between Demand and Supply](production-how-track-demand-supply.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-135">For more information, see [Track Relations Between Demand and Supply](production-how-track-demand-supply.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="36116-136">Production orders created through other means are not automatically reserved and tracked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-136">Production orders created through other means are not automatically reserved and tracked.</span></span>   

## <a name="production-order-status"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-137">Production Order Status</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-137">Production Order Status</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-138">The production order status controls how the production order behaves within the program.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-138">The production order status controls how the production order behaves within the program.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-139">The form and content of the production are dictated by the order's status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-139">The form and content of the production are dictated by the order's status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-140">The production orders are displayed in different windows according to their status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-140">The production orders are displayed in different windows according to their status.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-141">You cannot change the status of a production order manually; you must use the **Change Status** function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-141">You cannot change the status of a production order manually; you must use the **Change Status** function.</span></span>  

### <a name="simulated-production-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-142">Simulated Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-142">Simulated Production Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-143">The Simulated Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-143">The Simulated Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-144">As its name implies, it is a simulation and its main purpose is for quoting and costing - such as when the Research and Development department wants to get a cost estimate on a proposed item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-144">As its name implies, it is a simulation and its main purpose is for quoting and costing - such as when the Research and Development department wants to get a cost estimate on a proposed item.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-145">A simulated production order serves as an example of a production order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-145">A simulated production order serves as an example of a production order.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-146">It does not influence the planning of orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-146">It does not influence the planning of orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-147">Planning (MPS and MRP) neither considers nor is affected by simulated production orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-147">Planning (MPS and MRP) neither considers nor is affected by simulated production orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-148">Also, a simulated production order cannot be used as a template because it disappears when you change its status.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-148">Also, a simulated production order cannot be used as a template because it disappears when you change its status.</span></span>  

### <a name="planned-production-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-149">Planned Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-149">Planned Production Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-150">The Planned Production Order is unique because of the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-150">The Planned Production Order is unique because of the following characteristics:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-151">You can automatically create a planned production order from a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-151">You can automatically create a planned production order from a sales order.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-152">Planned production orders are like released production orders and provide input to capacity requirements planning by showing the total capacity requirements by work centre or machine centre.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-152">Planned production orders are like released production orders and provide input to capacity requirements planning by showing the total capacity requirements by work center or machine center.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-153">A planned production order represents the best estimate of the future load for the work centre or machine centre load based on available information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-153">A planned production order represents the best estimate of the future load for the work center or machine center load based on available information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-154">Typically, they are generated from planning, but can also be created manually.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-154">Typically, they are generated from planning, but can also be created manually.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-155">Because they are erased during subsequent planning generations, manual creation is not practical.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-155">Because they are erased during subsequent planning generations, manual creation is not practical.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-156">Their generation in planning results in a suggested "planned order release" that includes quantity, release date, and due date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-156">Their generation in planning results in a suggested "planned order release" that includes quantity, release date, and due date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-157">The planning system logic is based on the replenishment system, reorder policies, and order modifiers that it encounters in the net requirements planning process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-157">The planning system logic is based on the replenishment system, reorder policies, and order modifiers that it encounters in the net requirements planning process.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-158">To view their impact, look at the load for each work centre or machine centre on the planned production order's routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-158">To view their impact, look at the load for each work center or machine center on the planned production order's routing.</span></span>  

### <a name="firm-planned-production-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-159">Firm Planned Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-159">Firm Planned Production Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-160">The Firm Planned Production Order is unique because of the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-160">The Firm Planned Production Order is unique because of the following characteristics:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-161">You can automatically create a firm planned production order from a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-161">You can automatically create a firm planned production order from a sales order.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-162">A firm planned production order acts as a placeholder in the planning schedule for some future job released to the floor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-162">A firm planned production order acts as a placeholder in the planning schedule for some future job released to the floor.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-163">A firm planned production order can be generated from planning or created manually or from sales orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-163">A firm planned production order can be generated from planning or created manually or from sales orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-164">They are not erased during subsequent planning.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-164">They are not erased during subsequent planning.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-165">Their generation in planning results in a suggested "planned order release" that includes: quantity, release date, and due date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-165">Their generation in planning results in a suggested "planned order release" that includes: quantity, release date, and due date.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-166">The planning system logic is based on the replenishment system, reorder policies, and order modifiers that it encounters in the net requirements planning process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-166">The planning system logic is based on the replenishment system, reorder policies, and order modifiers that it encounters in the net requirements planning process.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-167">To view their impact, look at the load for each work centre or machine centre on the firm planned production order's routing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-167">To view their impact, look at the load for each work center or machine center on the firm planned production order's routing.</span></span>  

### <a name="released-production-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-168">Released Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-168">Released Production Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-169">The Released Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-169">The Released Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-170">You can automatically create a released production order from a sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-170">You can automatically create a released production order from a sales order.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-171">When a production order has been released, it does not necessarily mean that materials have been picked or the job has physically moved to its first operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-171">When a production order has been released, it does not necessarily mean that materials have been picked or the job has physically moved to its first operation.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-172">In a MTO (Make-to-Order) environment, it is not unusual to create a released production order immediately after the entry of the sales order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-172">In a MTO (Make-to-Order) environment, it is not unusual to create a released production order immediately after the entry of the sales order.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-173">Actual material consumption and product output can be recorded manually with a released production order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-173">Actual material consumption and product output can be recorded manually with a released production order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-174">In addition, automatic flushing of consumption and product output only occurs for released production orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-174">In addition, automatic flushing of consumption and product output only occurs for released production orders.</span></span>  

### <a name="finished-production-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-175">Finished Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-175">Finished Production Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-176">The Finished Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-176">The Finished Production Order is unique based on the following characteristics:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-177">A finished production order is typically one that has been manufactured.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-177">A finished production order is typically one that has been manufactured.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-178">Finishing the production order is an important task in completing the costing lifecycle of the item that is being produced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-178">Finishing the production order is an important task in completing the costing lifecycle of the item that is being produced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-179">By finishing a production order, costing can be adjusted and reconciled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-179">By finishing a production order, costing can be adjusted and reconciled.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-180">Finished production orders are used for statistical reporting and to support the ability to track back to other orders (sales, production, and purchase, for example).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-180">Finished production orders are used for statistical reporting and to support the ability to track back to other orders (sales, production, and purchase, for example).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-181">The ability to track back to a finished production order allows you to review the detailed history.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-181">The ability to track back to a finished production order allows you to review the detailed history.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-182">Finished production orders can never be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-182">Finished production orders can never be changed.</span></span>  

## <a name="production-order-execution"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-183">Production Order Execution</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-183">Production Order Execution</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-184">Once a production order has been created and scheduled, it has to be released to the shop floor to be executed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-184">Once a production order has been created and scheduled, it has to be released to the shop floor to be executed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-185">During execution of the order, you record:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-185">During execution of the order, you record:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-186">Materials picked or consumed</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-186">Materials picked or consumed</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-187">How much time was spent working on the order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-187">How much time was spent working on the order</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-188">Quantity of the parent item produced</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-188">Quantity of the parent item produced</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-189">This information can be recorded manually or through automatic reporting, according to the items setup in the Flushing Method field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-189">This information can be recorded manually or through automatic reporting, according to the items setup in the Flushing Method field.</span></span>  

### <a name="material-consumption"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-190">Material Consumption</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-190">Material Consumption</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-191">The program offers a variety of options for how a manufacturing company might want to record material consumption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-191">The program offers a variety of options for how a manufacturing company might want to record material consumption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-192">For example, material consumption may be recorded manually, which might be desirable if there are frequent component substitutions or greater than expected scrap.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-192">For example, material consumption may be recorded manually, which might be desirable if there are frequent component substitutions or greater than expected scrap.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-193">Consumption of materials may be processed through the consumption journal, but also may be recorded automatically by the programme, known as automatic reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-193">Consumption of materials may be processed through the consumption journal, but also may be recorded automatically by the program, known as automatic reporting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-194">The reporting methods are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-194">The reporting methods are:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-195">Manual</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-195">Manual</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-196">Forward</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-196">Forward</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-197">Backward</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-197">Backward</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-198">Manual consumption reporting uses the consumption journal to specify material picking.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-198">Manual consumption reporting uses the consumption journal to specify material picking.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-199">Forward consumption reporting assumes the expected quantity of all materials for the entire order is consumed at the release of a production order, unless using routing link codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-199">Forward consumption reporting assumes the expected quantity of all materials for the entire order is consumed at the release of a production order, unless using routing link codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-200">When using routing link codes, the material consumed after the start of the operational step is recorded in the Output Journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-200">When using routing link codes, the material consumed after the start of the operational step is recorded in the Output Journal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-201">To forward flush the entire production order, you need to do two things:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-201">To forward flush the entire production order, you need to do two things:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-202">All items in the top-level production BOM need to have forward flushing selected on their respective item card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-202">All items in the top-level production BOM need to have forward flushing selected on their respective item card.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-203">All routing link codes on the production BOM must be removed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-203">All routing link codes on the production BOM must be removed.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-204">Backward consumption reporting records the actual quantity of all material picked or consumed when the status of a production order is changed to *Finished,* unless using routing link codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-204">Backward consumption reporting records the actual quantity of all material picked or consumed when the status of a production order is changed to *Finished,* unless using routing link codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-205">When using routing link codes, the material is consumed after a quantity of the parent item is recorded for the operational step in the Output Journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-205">When using routing link codes, the material is consumed after a quantity of the parent item is recorded for the operational step in the Output Journal.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-206">When the Production Order is refreshed, the flushing method is copied from the item card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-206">When the Production Order is refreshed, the flushing method is copied from the item card.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-207">Because the flushing method for each production order component controls how and when the consumption is recorded, it is important to note that you can change flushing method for specific items directly on the Production Order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-207">Because the flushing method for each production order component controls how and when the consumption is recorded, it is important to note that you can change flushing method for specific items directly on the Production Order.</span></span>  

#### <a name="automatic-consumption-posting-flushing"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-208">Automatic Consumption Posting (Flushing)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-208">Automatic Consumption Posting (Flushing)</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-209">The advantage of automatic flushing is that it greatly reduces data entry.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-209">The advantage of automatic flushing is that it greatly reduces data entry.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-210">With the ability to automatically flush an operation, the entire consumption and output recording process can be automated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-210">With the ability to automatically flush an operation, the entire consumption and output recording process can be automated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-211">The disadvantage of using automatic flushing is that you may not be accurately recording, or even aware of, scrap.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-211">The disadvantage of using automatic flushing is that you may not be accurately recording, or even aware of, scrap.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-212">The Automatic Reporting methods are:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-212">The Automatic Reporting methods are:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-213">Forward Flush the Entire Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-213">Forward Flush the Entire Order</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-214">Forward Flushing by Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-214">Forward Flushing by Operation</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-215">Back Flushing by Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-215">Back Flushing by Operation</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-216">Back Flushing the Entire Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-216">Back Flushing the Entire Order</span></span>  

#### <a name="automatic-reporting---forward-flush-the-entire-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-217">Automatic Reporting - Forward Flush the Entire Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-217">Automatic Reporting - Forward Flush the Entire Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-218">If you forward flush the production order at the start of the job, the behavior of the program is very similar to a manual consumption.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-218">If you forward flush the production order at the start of the job, the behavior of the program is very similar to a manual consumption.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-219">The major difference is that consumption happens automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-219">The major difference is that consumption happens automatically.</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-220">The entire contents of the production BOM are consumed and deducted from inventory at the time the released production order is refreshed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-220">The entire contents of the production BOM are consumed and deducted from inventory at the time the released production order is refreshed.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-221">The consumption quantity is the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM, multiplied by the number of parent items you are building.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-221">The consumption quantity is the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM, multiplied by the number of parent items you are building.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-222">There is no need to record any information in the consumption journal if all of the items are to be flushed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-222">There is no need to record any information in the consumption journal if all of the items are to be flushed.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-223">When consuming items from inventory, it does not matter when output journal entries are made, because the output journal has no effect on this mode of consumption posting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-223">When consuming items from inventory, it does not matter when output journal entries are made, because the output journal has no effect on this mode of consumption posting.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-224">No routing link codes can be set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-224">No routing link codes can be set.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-225">Forward flushing an entire order is suited in production environments with:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-225">Forward flushing an entire order is suited in production environments with:</span></span>  

-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-226">A low number of defects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-226">A low number of defects</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-227">A low number of operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-227">A low number of operations</span></span>  
-   <span data-ttu-id="36116-228">High component consumption in early operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-228">High component consumption in early operations</span></span>  

#### <a name="automatic-reporting---forward-flushing-by-operation"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-229">Automatic Reporting - Forward Flushing by Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-229">Automatic Reporting - Forward Flushing by Operation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-230">Flushing by operation allows you to deduct inventory during a specific operation in the routing of the parent item.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-230">Flushing by operation allows you to deduct inventory during a specific operation in the routing of the parent item.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-231">Material is tied to the routing using routing link codes, which correspond to routing link codes applied to components in the production BOM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-231">Material is tied to the routing using routing link codes, which correspond to routing link codes applied to components in the production BOM.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-232">The flush takes place when the operation that has the same routing link code is started.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-232">The flush takes place when the operation that has the same routing link code is started.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-233">Started means that some activity is recorded in the output journal for that operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-233">Started means that some activity is recorded in the output journal for that operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-234">And that activity might just be that a setup time is entered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-234">And that activity might just be that a setup time is entered.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-235">The amount of the flush is for the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items being built (expected quantity).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-235">The amount of the flush is for the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items being built (expected quantity).</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-236">This technique is best employed when there are many operations and certain components are not needed until late in the assembly sequence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-236">This technique is best employed when there are many operations and certain components are not needed until late in the assembly sequence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-237">In fact, a Just-in-Time (JIT) setup might not even have the items on hand when the RPO is begun.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-237">In fact, a Just-in-Time (JIT) setup might not even have the items on hand when the RPO is begun.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-238">Material can be consumed during operations by using routing link codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-238">Material can be consumed during operations by using routing link codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-239">Some components may not be used until final assembly operations and should not be withdrawn from stock until that time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-239">Some components may not be used until final assembly operations and should not be withdrawn from stock until that time.</span></span>  

#### <a name="automatic-reporting---back-flushing-by-operation"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-240">Automatic Reporting - Back Flushing by Operation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-240">Automatic Reporting - Back Flushing by Operation</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-241">Back flushing by operation records consumption after the operation is posted in the output journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-241">Back flushing by operation records consumption after the operation is posted in the output journal.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-242">The advantage of this method is that the number of parent parts finished in the operation is known.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-242">The advantage of this method is that the number of parent parts finished in the operation is known.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-243">Material in the production BOM is linked to the routing records using routing link codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-243">Material in the production BOM is linked to the routing records using routing link codes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-244">The back flush takes place when an operation with a particular routing link code is posted with a finished quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-244">The back flush takes place when an operation with a particular routing link code is posted with a finished quantity.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-245">The amount of the flush is for the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items that were posted as output quantity at that operation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-245">The amount of the flush is for the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items that were posted as output quantity at that operation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-246">This might be different from the expected quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-246">This might be different from the expected quantity.</span></span>  

#### <a name="automatic-reporting---back-flushing-the-entire-order"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-247">Automatic Reporting - Back Flushing the Entire Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-247">Automatic Reporting - Back Flushing the Entire Order</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-248">This reporting method does not consider routing link codes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-248">This reporting method does not consider routing link codes.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-249">No components are picked until the released production order status is changed to *Finished*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-249">No components are picked until the released production order status is changed to *Finished*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-250">The amount of the flush is the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items that were finished and placed into inventory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-250">The amount of the flush is the quantity per assembly stated on the production BOM multiplied by the number of parent items that were finished and placed into inventory.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-251">Backward flushing the entire production order requires the same setup as for forward flushing: The reporting method must be set to backward on each item card for all items within the parent BOM to be reported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-251">Backward flushing the entire production order requires the same setup as for forward flushing: The reporting method must be set to backward on each item card for all items within the parent BOM to be reported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-252">In addition, all routing link codes must be removed from the production BOM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-252">In addition, all routing link codes must be removed from the production BOM.</span></span>  

### <a name="production-output"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-253">Production Output</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-253">Production Output</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-254">The programme provides you with the capability to track how much time is spent working on a production order, in addition to recording the quantity produced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-254">The program provides you with the capability to track how much time is spent working on a production order, in addition to recording the quantity produced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-255">This information can help you more accurately determine the costs of production.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-255">This information can help you more accurately determine the costs of production.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-256">Also, manufacturers using a standard costing system may want to record actual information in order to help them develop better standards.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-256">Also, manufacturers using a standard costing system may want to record actual information in order to help them develop better standards.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-257">Output may be processed through the output journal, but also may be recorded automatically by the programme.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-257">Output may be processed through the output journal, but also may be recorded automatically by the program.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-258">The programme copies the flushing method from the machine centre or work centre card to the production order routing when refreshing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-258">The program copies the flushing method from the machine center or work center card to the production order routing when refreshing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-259">As with material consumption, there are three reporting methods for output:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-259">As with material consumption, there are three reporting methods for output:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-260">Manual</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-260">Manual</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-261">Forward</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-261">Forward</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-262">Backward</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-262">Backward</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-263">Manual method uses the Output Journal to specify time consumed and quantity produced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-263">Manual method uses the Output Journal to specify time consumed and quantity produced.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-264">Forward method records the expected output (and time), which is automatically recorded at the release of a Production Order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-264">Forward method records the expected output (and time), which is automatically recorded at the release of a Production Order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-265">Routing link codes are not a factor in the forward flushing of the output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-265">Routing link codes are not a factor in the forward flushing of the output.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-266">Backward method records the expected output (and time), which is automatically recorded at the finish of a Production Order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-266">Backward method records the expected output (and time), which is automatically recorded at the finish of a Production Order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-267">Routing link codes are not a factor in the back flushing of the output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-267">Routing link codes are not a factor in the back flushing of the output.</span></span>  

### <a name="posting-consumption-and-output"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-268">Posting Consumption and Output</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-268">Posting Consumption and Output</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-269">You can use any combination of automatic flushing and manually recorded information for both consumption and output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-269">You can use any combination of automatic flushing and manually recorded information for both consumption and output.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-270">For example, you may want to automatically forward flush components, but still use the Consumption Journal to record scrap.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-270">For example, you may want to automatically forward flush components, but still use the Consumption Journal to record scrap.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-271">Similarly, you may want to automatically record output, but use the Output Journal to record scrap of the parent item or additional time spent on the order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-271">Similarly, you may want to automatically record output, but use the Output Journal to record scrap of the parent item or additional time spent on the order.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-272">Finally, if you enter consumption and output manually, you need to determine the sequence in which you are going to record this information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-272">Finally, if you enter consumption and output manually, you need to determine the sequence in which you are going to record this information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-273">You can record consumption first and use a shortcut method to enter the information, which is based on expected quantity of output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-273">You can record consumption first and use a shortcut method to enter the information, which is based on expected quantity of output.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-274">Or, you can enter output first, using the **Explode Routing** function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-274">Or, you can enter output first, using the **Explode Routing** function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-275">You would then record consumption based on actual quantity of output.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-275">You would then record consumption based on actual quantity of output.</span></span>  

### <a name="production-journal"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-276">Production Journal</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-276">Production Journal</span></span>  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-277">The Production Journal combines the functions of the Consumption Journal and Output Journals into one journal, which is accessed directly from the Released Production Order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-277">The Production Journal combines the functions of the Consumption Journal and Output Journals into one journal, which is accessed directly from the Released Production Order.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-278">The purpose of the Production Journal is to provide a single interface for you to register consumption and output from a Production Order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-278">The purpose of the Production Journal is to provide a single interface for you to register consumption and output from a Production Order.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-279">The Production Journal has a simple view and provides you with the ability to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-279">The Production Journal has a simple view and provides you with the ability to:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-280">Easily record output and consumption related to a Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-280">Easily record output and consumption related to a Production Order</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-281">Relate the components to operations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-281">Relate the components to operations</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-282">Relate actual operation data with the standard estimates on the Production Order routing and component lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-282">Relate actual operation data with the standard estimates on the Production Order routing and component lines</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-283">Post and print an overview of registered operation data for the Production Order</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-283">Post and print an overview of registered operation data for the Production Order</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-284">The Production Journal performs many of the same functions as the Consumption and Output journals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-284">The Production Journal performs many of the same functions as the Consumption and Output journals.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="36116-285">Dimensions, Item Tracking, and Bin Contents are handled in the same way as on the Consumption and Output journals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-285">Dimensions, Item Tracking, and Bin Contents are handled in the same way as on the Consumption and Output journals.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-286">However, the Production Journal differs from the Consumption and Output journals in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-286">However, the Production Journal differs from the Consumption and Output journals in the following ways:</span></span>  

- <span data-ttu-id="36116-287">It is called directly from a released production order line and preset with the relevant data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-287">It is called directly from a released production order line and preset with the relevant data.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-288">It allows you to define which types of components to handle based on a flushing method filter on the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-288">It allows you to define which types of components to handle based on a flushing method filter on the journal.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-289">Quantities and times already posted for the order are displayed at the bottom of the journal as actual entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-289">Quantities and times already posted for the order are displayed at the bottom of the journal as actual entries.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-290">Fields where data entry is irrelevant are blank and non-editable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-290">Fields where data entry is irrelevant are blank and non-editable.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-291">The user can set up the way output quantities are preset in the journal - for example, that the last operation must have zero as Output Quantity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-291">The user can set up the way output quantities are preset in the journal - for example, that the last operation must have zero as Output Quantity.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-292">If you happen to exit the journal without posting your changes, a request message is displayed allowing you to stay in the journal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-292">If you happen to exit the journal without posting your changes, a request message is displayed allowing you to stay in the journal.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="36116-293">It displays operations and components together in a logical structure that provides an overview of the production process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-293">It displays operations and components together in a logical structure that provides an overview of the production process.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="36116-294">In the production journal, consumption quantities are posted as negative item ledger entries, output quantities are posted as positive ledger entries, and times spent are posted as capacity ledger entries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-294">In the production journal, consumption quantities are posted as negative item ledger entries, output quantities are posted as positive ledger entries, and times spent are posted as capacity ledger entries.</span></span>  

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="36116-295">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-295">See Also</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="36116-296">[Manufacturing](production-manage-manufacturing.md)  </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-296">[Manufacturing](production-manage-manufacturing.md)  </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="36116-297">Setting Up Manufacturing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-297">Setting Up Manufacturing</span></span>](production-configure-production-processes.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-298">[Planning](production-planning.md)    </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-298">[Planning](production-planning.md)    </span></span>  
[<span data-ttu-id="36116-299">Inventory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-299">Inventory</span></span>](inventory-manage-inventory.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="36116-300">Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-300">Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="36116-301">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="36116-301">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>

