---
title: Create a Purchase Invoice and Record Purchases | Microsoft Docs
description: Describes how to purchase inventory and service items by creating and posting purchase invoices or orders.
documentationcenter: 
author: SorenGP
ms.service: dynamics365-financials
ms.topic: article
ms.devlang: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.search.keywords: procurement
ms.date: 08/08/2017
ms.author: sgroespe
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.sourcegitcommit: 2c13559bb3dc44cdb61697f5135c5b931e34d2a8
ms.openlocfilehash: 5bd635465626c192d8650cbd2a999dd0fbceb15e
ms.contentlocale: en-nz
ms.lasthandoff: 09/22/2017

---
# <a name="how-to-record-purchases"></a><span data-ttu-id="4db9b-103">How to: Record Purchases</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-103">How to: Record Purchases</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-104">You create a purchase invoice or purchase order to record the cost of purchases and to track accounts payable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-104">You create a purchase invoice or purchase order to record the cost of purchases and to track accounts payable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-105">If you need to control an inventory, purchase invoices and purchase orders are also used to dynamically update inventory levels so that you can minimise your inventory costs and provide better customer service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-105">If you need to control an inventory, purchase invoices and purchase orders are also used to dynamically update inventory levels so that you can minimize your inventory costs and provide better customer service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-106">The purchasing costs, including service expenses, and inventory values that result from posting purchase invoices or orders contribute to profit figures and other financial KPIs on your Home page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-106">The purchasing costs, including service expenses, and inventory values that result from posting purchase invoices or orders contribute to profit figures and other financial KPIs on your Home page.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-107">You must use purchase orders if your purchasing process requires that you record partial receipts of an order quantity, for example, because the full quantity was not available at the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-107">You must use purchase orders if your purchasing process requires that you record partial receipts of an order quantity, for example, because the full quantity was not available at the vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-108">If you sell items by delivering directly from your vendor to your customer, as a drop shipment, then you must also use purchase orders.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-108">If you sell items by delivering directly from your vendor to your customer, as a drop shipment, then you must also use purchase orders.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-109">For more information, see [How to: Make Drop Shipments](sales-how-drop-shipment.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-109">For more information, see [How to: Make Drop Shipments](sales-how-drop-shipment.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-110">In all other aspects, purchase orders work the same way as purchase invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-110">In all other aspects, purchase orders work the same way as purchase invoices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-111">The following procedure is based on a purchase invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-111">The following procedure is based on a purchase invoice.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-112">The steps are similar for a purchase order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-112">The steps are similar for a purchase order.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-113">When you receive the inventory items, or when the purchased service is completed, you post the purchase invoice or order to update inventory and financial records and to activate payment to the vendor according to the payment terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-113">When you receive the inventory items, or when the purchased service is completed, you post the purchase invoice or order to update inventory and financial records and to activate payment to the vendor according to the payment terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-114">For more information, see [Making Payments](payables-make-payments.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-114">For more information, see [Making Payments](payables-make-payments.md).</span></span>

> [!CAUTION]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-115">Do not post a purchase invoice until you receive the items and know the final cost of the purchase, including any additional charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-115">Do not post a purchase invoice until you receive the items and know the final cost of the purchase, including any additional charges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-116">Otherwise, your inventory value and profit figures may be skewed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-116">Otherwise, your inventory value and profit figures may be skewed.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-117">You can easily correct or cancel a posted purchase invoice before you pay the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-117">You can easily correct or cancel a posted purchase invoice before you pay the vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-118">This is useful if you want to correct a typing mistake or if you want to change the purchase early in the order process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-118">This is useful if you want to correct a typing mistake or if you want to change the purchase early in the order process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-119">For more information, see [How to: Correct or Cancel Unpaid Purchase Invoices](purchasing-how-correct-cancel-unpaid-purchase-invoices.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-119">For more information, see [How to: Correct or Cancel Unpaid Purchase Invoices](purchasing-how-correct-cancel-unpaid-purchase-invoices.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-120">If you have already paid for items on the posted purchase invoice, then you must create a purchase credit memo to reverse the purchase.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-120">If you have already paid for items on the posted purchase invoice, then you must create a purchase credit memo to reverse the purchase.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-121">For more information, see [How to: Process Purchase Returns or Cancellations](purchasing-how-process-purchase-returns-cancellations.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-121">For more information, see [How to: Process Purchase Returns or Cancellations](purchasing-how-process-purchase-returns-cancellations.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-122">Items can be type **Inventory** or **Service**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-122">Items can be type **Inventory** or **Service**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-123">For more information, see [How to: Register New Items](inventory-how-register-new-items.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-123">For more information, see [How to: Register New Items](inventory-how-register-new-items.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-124">The purchase invoice process is the same for both item types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-124">The purchase invoice process is the same for both item types.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-125">Purchase order functionality requires that your experience is set to **Suite**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-125">Purchase order functionality requires that your experience is set to **Suite**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-126">For more information, see [Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-126">For more information, see [Customizing Your [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)] Experience](ui-experiences.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-127">You can fill vendor fields on the purchase invoice in two ways depending on whether the vendor is already registered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-127">You can fill vendor fields on the purchase invoice in two ways depending on whether the vendor is already registered.</span></span>

## <a name="to-create-a-purchase-invoice"></a><span data-ttu-id="4db9b-128">To create a purchase invoice</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-128">To create a purchase invoice</span></span>
1. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-129">On the Home page, choose the **Purchase Invoice** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-129">On the Home page, choose the **Purchase Invoice** action.</span></span>  
2. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-130">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of an existing vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-130">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of an existing vendor.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-131">Other fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window are now filled with the standard information of the selected vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-131">Other fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window are now filled with the standard information of the selected vendor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-132">If the vendor is not registered, then follow these steps:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-132">If the vendor is not registered, then follow these steps:</span></span>
3. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-133">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of the new vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-133">In the **Vendor** field, enter the name of the new vendor.</span></span>
4. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-134">In the dialogue box about registering the new vendor, choose the **Yes** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-134">In the dialog box about registering the new vendor, choose the **Yes** button.</span></span>
5. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-135">In the **Select a template for a new vendor** window, choose a template to base the new vendor card on, and then choose the **OK** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-135">In the **Select a template for a new vendor** window, choose a template to base the new vendor card on, and then choose the **OK** button.</span></span>
6. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-136">A new vendor card opens, prefilled with the information on the selected vendor template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-136">A new vendor card opens, prefilled with the information on the selected vendor template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-137">The **Name** field is prefilled with the new vendor’s name that you entered on the purchase invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-137">The **Name** field is prefilled with the new vendor’s name that you entered on the purchase invoice.</span></span>
7. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-138">Proceed to fill in the remaining fields on the vendor card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-138">Proceed to fill in the remaining fields on the vendor card.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-139">For more information, see [How to: Register New Vendors](purchasing-how-register-new-vendors.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-139">For more information, see [How to: Register New Vendors](purchasing-how-register-new-vendors.md).</span></span>  
8. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-140">When you have completed the vendor card, choose the **OK** button to return to the **Purchase Invoice** window.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-140">When you have completed the vendor card, choose the **OK** button to return to the **Purchase Invoice** window.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-141">Several fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window are filled with information that you specified on the new vendor card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-141">Several fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window are filled with information that you specified on the new vendor card.</span></span>
9. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-142">Fill in the remaining fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window as necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-142">Fill in the remaining fields in the **Purchase Invoice** window as necessary.</span></span> [!INCLUDE[tooltip-inline-tip](includes/tooltip-inline-tip_md.md)]

    <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-143">You are now ready to fill in the purchase invoice lines with inventory items or services that you have purchased from the vendor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-143">You are now ready to fill in the purchase invoice lines with inventory items or services that you have purchased from the vendor.</span></span>

    > [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-144">If you have set up recurring purchase lines for the vendor, such as a monthly replenishment order, then you can insert these lines on the invoice by choosing the **Get Recurring Purchase Lines** action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-144">If you have set up recurring purchase lines for the vendor, such as a monthly replenishment order, then you can insert these lines on the invoice by choosing the **Get Recurring Purchase Lines** action.</span></span>
10. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-145">On the **Lines** FastTab, in the **Item No.** field, enter the number of an inventory item or service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-145">On the **Lines** FastTab, in the **Item No.** field, enter the number of an inventory item or service.</span></span>
11. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-146">In the **Quantity** field, enter the number of items to be purchased.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-146">In the **Quantity** field, enter the number of items to be purchased.</span></span>

    > [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-147">For items of type **Service**, the quantity is a time unit, such as hours, as indicated in the **Unit of Measure Code** field on the line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-147">For items of type **Service**, the quantity is a time unit, such as hours, as indicated in the **Unit of Measure Code** field on the line.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-148">The **Line Amount** field is updated to show the value in the **Direct Unit Cost** field multiplied by the value in the **Quantity** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-148">The **Line Amount** field is updated to show the value in the **Direct Unit Cost** field multiplied by the value in the **Quantity** field.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-149">The price and line amount are shown with or without sales tax depending on what you selected in the **Prices Including Tax** field on the vendor card.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-149">The price and line amount are shown with or without sales tax depending on what you selected in the **Prices Including Tax** field on the vendor card.</span></span>
12. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-150">In the **Invoice Discount Amount** field, enter an amount that should be deducted from the value shown in the **Total Incl. Tax** field at the bottom of the invoice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-150">In the **Invoice Discount Amount** field, enter an amount that should be deducted from the value shown in the **Total Incl. Tax** field at the bottom of the invoice.</span></span>

    > [!NOTE]  
>   <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-151">If you have set up invoice discounts for the vendor, then the specified percentage value is automatically inserted in the **Vendor Invoice Discount %** field if the criteria are met, and the related amount is inserted in the **Invoice Discount Amount** field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-151">If you have set up invoice discounts for the vendor, then the specified percentage value is automatically inserted in the **Vendor Invoice Discount %** field if the criteria are met, and the related amount is inserted in the **Invoice Discount Amount** field.</span></span>
13. <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-152">When you receive the purchased items or services, choose **Post**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-152">When you receive the purchased items or services, choose **Post**.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-153">The purchase is now reflected in inventory and financial records, and the vendor payment is activated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-153">The purchase is now reflected in inventory and financial records, and the vendor payment is activated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="4db9b-154">The purchase invoice is removed from the list of purchase invoices and replaced with a new document in the list of posted purchase invoices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-154">The purchase invoice is removed from the list of purchase invoices and replaced with a new document in the list of posted purchase invoices.</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="4db9b-155">See Also</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-155">See Also</span></span>
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-156">Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-156">Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-manage-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-157">Setting Up Purchasing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-157">Setting Up Purchasing</span></span>](purchasing-setup-purchasing.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-158">How to: Request Quotes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-158">How to: Request Quotes</span></span>](purchasing-how-request-quotes.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-159">How to: Purchase Items for a Sale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-159">How to: Purchase Items for a Sale</span></span>](purchasing-how-purchase-products-sale.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-160">How to: Register New Vendors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-160">How to: Register New Vendors</span></span>](purchasing-how-register-new-vendors.md)  
[<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-161">How to: Prepare Drop Shipments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-161">How to: Prepare Drop Shipments</span></span>](sales-how-drop-shipment.md)  
<span data-ttu-id="4db9b-162">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="4db9b-162">[Working with [!INCLUDE[d365fin](includes/d365fin_md.md)]](ui-work-product.md)</span></span>

